positive	gas by my house hit $ 3.39 !!! i'm going to chapel hill on sat . :) 
negative	" theo walcott is still shit , watch rafa and johnny deal with him on saturday ." 
negative	" its not that i'm a get some p***y fan , i just hate nick diaz . can't wait for february ." 
negative	iranian general says israel's iron dome can't deal with their missiles ( keep talking like that and we may end up finding out ) 
positive	with j davlar 11th . main rivals are team poland . hopefully we an make it a successful end to a tough week of training tomorrow . 
negative	" talking about act's && sat's , deciding where i want to go to college , applying to colleges and everything about college stresses me out ." 
objective	" why is "" happy valentines day "" trending ? it's on the 14th of february not 12th of june shaking my head .." 
negative	" they may have a superbowl in dallas , but dallas am not winning a superbowl . not with that quarterback and owner . target target 
neutral	" I am bringing the monster load of candy tomorrow , i just hope it doesn't get all squiched " 
objective-OR-neutral	" apple software , retail chiefs out in overhaul : san francisco apple inc ceo tim cook on monday replaced the heads ... url  " 
objective	livewire nadal confirmed for mexican open in february : rafael nadal is set to play at the me ... url  livewireathletics 
objective	" iran us delisting mko from global terrorists list in line with iran campaign : tehran , oct 30 , irna -- secretary ... url  " 
objective	" expect light-moderate rains over e . visayas ; cebu , bohol , samar & leyte have 30-70 % chance of rains tonight ! expect fair weather tomorrow !:)" 
positive	one ticket left for the target game tomorrow ! don't miss the rematch of the no f**king clue championship game against the ny giants ! hit me up ! 
objective-OR-neutral	game 1 of the nlcs and a rematch of the no f**king clue championship game tomorrow . sf's going to be cuuuhraaazeee 
positive	" never start working on your dreams and goals tomorrow ... tomorrow never comes ... if it means anything to you , act now ! getafterit " 
objective-OR-neutral	" black friday huge saving aerial view of a city , paris las vegas , the las vegas strip , las vegas ,... url  " 
objective	" mohamed morsi , egypt's muslim brotherhood president , instructed the supreme council of the armed forces thursday ... url  " 
neutral	Come On avila ! you just got tagged out by a guy who looks like the kid bill murray was researching in the royal tenenbaums ! tigers 
objective-OR-neutral	" at the first grammy awards , held on 4 may 1959 , domenico modugno beat out frank sinatra and peggy lee for the record of the year , with volare " 
positive	" good morning thursday . "" life is fragile . we're not guaranteed a tomorrow so give it everything you've got ."" - tim cook [ do it for jobs !]" 
positive	twitition mcfly come back to argentina but this time we want to come to mar del plata !!! url  
negative	my teachers call themselves givng us candy ... wasn't even the good stuff . i might go to walmart or cvs tomorrow/ 
neutral	" broncos peyton manning named away from computer offensive player of the month . it's his 5th such honor , second to tom brady's 6 , tied with td ." 
objective-OR-neutral	target is bringing out kendrick lamar the 6th of december !?! get your tickets now ! 
objective-OR-neutral	" andre's wigan warning - coys official site wigan might currently occupy 15th place in the premier league ,... url  " 
objective-OR-neutral	" when my professor passes out candy and says "" a very small amount of that may be from valentines day , just so you know """ 
objective-OR-neutral	how are they going to act in new york with the subways out ? they better clutch it out like eli manning 4th quarter 
negative	" homegrown talent missing on signing day : throughout most of the day on wednesday , the video scoreboard ... url  raleigh " 
positive	taylor swift is coming with ed sheeran june 29th ? most perf news i've heard all night . 
positive	the great noel gallagher is about to hit the stage in Stop That . paul . plenty of room here so we're 4th row center . plenty of room . pretty fired up 
objective	" target there are going to be plenty of ups & downs for boro , cardiff , leicester etc until may . i hope we are still in with a shout for promo " 
neutral	" playing as the browns how come ok . fri in madden13 , xfacalac lost to the ravens 21-28 on all-madden connectedcareers " 
neutral	the pain is far deeper than a billy cundiff missed field goal . got to wake up and forget about it tomorrow . orioles stayhungry 
objective	alex poythress had 11 points and 7 rebounds in his debut with kentucky during an exhibition game on thursday . he played 28 minutes . 
positive	i think i may have a heart attack for jason wu's new collection . so charlotte rampling in the night url  
neutral	if i can get my equipment working correctly we will have a live show on friday at 6 pm cst with contactee ray ... url  
positive	amazing concert tonight with jim white and the tcu jazz ensemble/faculty jazz combo ! don't miss tomorrow night ... url  
positive	why would you still wear shorts when it's this cold ?! i love how britain see's a bit of sun and they're like 'oooh let's strip ! ' 
positive	capello says time for russia to win big match : russia manager fabio capello on thursday said that he intended to ... url  
neutral	jackals goal ! jimmy martin sneaks a rebound past killeen to give elmira a 2-1 lead . bushee & bellamy with the assists . 1 : 09 left 2nd period 
positive	kick-off your weekend with service ! ev ! 's get on the bus trip to the boys & girls club is friday from 3-6 ! hope to see you there :) 
negative	desperation day ( february 13th ) the most well known day in all mens life . 
objective-OR-neutral	paul-and5homos : harry and louis are just fri- eleanor is such an inspira- harry is such a manwho- louis is ... url  
neutral	" web apple software , retail chiefs out in overhaul : san francisco ( reuters ) - apple inc ceo tim cook on monday replaced the heads of ..." 
negative	target damn next saturday though niggas was trynna get shit over with early 
objective-OR-neutral	and the 4th one is for harry styles !! <333 
objective	" web log post : mtv's "" teen mom 2 "" returns for an intense third season with chelsea , jenelle , kailyn and leah on monday ,... url  " 
objective	the business leader's award ceremony will be held during the target annual meeting in davos on the 25 january 2013 ! url ? portfolio = business-leaders-award-ceremony-to-be-held-during-the-wefs-upcoming-annual-meeting-in-davos-2 
positive	target hi elif greetings from usa midwest how is school going ? happy turkish republic day ! i can't wait for nov 8 newglee yes ! 
