gas by my house hit $3.39! i'm going to chapel hill on sat. i am happy. 
theo walcott is still shit, watch rafa and johnny deal with him on saturday. 
its not that i'm a get some p***y fan, i just hate nick diaz. can't wait for february. 
iranian general says israel's iron dome can't deal with their missiles (keep talking like that and we may end up finding out). 
with j davlar 11th. main rivals are team poland. hopefully we an make it a successful end to a tough week of training tomorrow. 
talking about act's && sat's, deciding where i want to go to college, applying to colleges and everything about college stresses me out. 
they may have a superbowl in dallas, but dallas am not winning a superbowl. not with that quarterback and owner. target targe. 
one ticket left for the target game tomorrow! don't miss the rematch of the no f**king clue championship game against the ny giants! hit me up! 
never start working on your dreams and goals tomorrow.tomorrow never comes.if it means anything to u, act now! 
good morning thursday. "life is fragile. we're not guaranteed a tomorrow so give it everything you've got." - tim cook [do it for jobs!] 
twitition mcfly come back to argentina but this time we want to come to mar del plata! 
my teachers call themselves givng us candy.wasn't even the good stuff. i might go to walmart or cvs tomorrow/. 
homegrown talent missing on signing day: throughout most of the day on wednesday, the video scoreboard . 
taylor swift is coming with ed sheeran june 29th? most perf news i've heard all night. 
the great noel gallagher is about to hit the stage in st. plenty of room here so we're 4th row center. plenty of room. pretty fired up. 
i think i may have a heart attack for jason wu's new collection. so charlotte rampling in the night. 
amazing concert tonight with jim white and the tcu jazz ensemble/faculty jazz combo! don't miss tomorrow night. 
why would you still wear shorts when it's this cold?! i love how britain see's a bit of sun and they're like 'oooh let's strip!. 
capello says time for russia to win big match: russia manager fabio capello on thursday said that he intended to. 
kick-off your weekend with service!'s get on the bus trip to the boys & girls club is friday from 3-6! hope to see you there i am happy. 
desperation day (february 13th) the most well known day in all mens life. 
target damn next saturday though niggas was trynna get shit over with early. 
target hi elif greetings from usa midwest how is school going? happy turkish republic day! i can't wait for nov 8 newglee yes! 
hoping to look fit tomorrow on the jeremy kyle show itvfashion. 
grammys concert pays moving tribute to whitney houston: whitney houston was given a final sendoff by the grammys on thursday as halle. 
drew peterson is untouchable no more! check out these movie photos before you watch on sun at 7/6c. 
pumped to open the season tomorrow night against georgetown! women's preview: | men's preview. 
saeed: nowplaying: bep, ricky martin and keep talking tunstall! great songs to get you through your sunday! hate the rain! 
omg. ricky martin may be gay but he is one fine ass gay man. 
noel gallagher: "musicians are fucking idiots." - yeah, brian may - he's an idiot. an idiot who just so happens to be a professor? 
nowplaying michael jackson - she's out of my life (live at wembley july 16.o.v.e it! 
niggas be on the lakers dick.we still gon finish damn near first seed.while year old team be struggling for the 8th spot. 
i'm in the bathroom bumping "niggas in paris" combination of crazy and drunk ass hell like it's my 1st time hearing it this song will never get old lol. 
welcome nick j! :") "target in manila! so excited for the show on friday. 
4th album out red, 20millionswifties, 6 grammy awards, 10 amas, 13 bmi awards! reigning entertainer of the year acm! 
it's midnight on the east coast which means its target birthday! happy 20th birthday nick j! i love it. 
apple ceo apologizes for error-ridden new map app: apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the company's error-ridden new mobile map. 
we are here target for our 12th anniversary celebration. you still have time to make it. 
love how i skipped every category of the nta's besides the soaps. couldn't give half a fuck if everything else went off the air tomorrow. 
my mom just texted me reminding me that grammys birthdays tomorrow. how could i ever forget? 
esperance will be without star player youssef msakni for the first leg of the champions league final against al ahly on saturday. 
target the sun: paolo di canio says beating aston villa tonight would be like having sex with madonna. 
obviously, i am not a fan of dream high 2 and i haven't even watched it! well, i watched the 1st ep,that's where i heard that song!^. 
black history fact: marsalis is the 1st and only artist to win both classical and jazz grammy awards in one year, and to repeat the next yr. 
watching david letterman with no audience but playing like they are still there is the 2nd most brilliant thing i've seen tonight. 
the grey and yellow gold wedding puzzle is now up with the first piece being a unique two-tone dress by target. 
guys, the marijuana law in colorado, oregon, and washington can pass this tuesday. 
breezin' won the best pop instrumental performance at the 19th grammy awards. 
not wearing make up to dublin tomorrow until i'm getting ready for the party. 
target i miss you and i better get a juge kiss and hug tomorrow night (because you will be at joe's i am happy.) 
text from my dad: "you like charles dickens" 1) obvs looking at my amazon wish list (too late for sunday) why th surprise?! 
upset alert in account men's soccer: 1 maryland down 4-2 to wake forest late in the 2nd.and down a man after an earlier red card. 
really bored of this host on super sunday doing nothing but talk and rave about man utd biasprick. 
mizzou commemorates its win over kentucky with a t-shirt. no, really. | dr. saturday - yahoo! sports fb. 
just watched the campaign with will ferrell and zack galafianakis. good fun for a wednesday. 
this sunday new york giants are going down. 
as an introduction to literature we wrote about the woman in black, not something i particulalry want to read, may just cry shitmyself. 
how about now mon dieu le remix de i am the best dans dream high 2, je meurs xddd. 
with all benson's attention, frankie feels like a forgotten stepchild. lets 'founding father' him so he know we will never forget 2nd place. 
police, protesters clash at republic day march in turkey: on a day marking the 89th anniversary of the founding . 
i will be participating in a google+ hangout with target tomorrow! i'm super excited! check it out. 
aww love you austin rivers and happy to see you get start in 1st national basketball association game.but it's against my boys, lets go spurs! spurs nba. 
the glass may be rising, but it's not getting any warmer here, lago del desierto, argentina. 
fabio capello: "from what i've seen these days i can assure you russia are capable of getting a good result vs portugal tomorrow". 
parker, leonard steal okc's thunder: ninety minutes before tipoff thursday night at the at&t center, oklahoma ci. 
i -may- be the only girl on the face of the earth that doesn't find channing tatum attractive. callmecrazy justsayin donthateme. 
stacie just hit me up and said my packages might be up here tomorrow if that's the case i'm not going to the rave in san fran. 
give me 5 minutes with candy the dancer from deja vu i'm nutting on my 4th pump she that bad lol. 
thank you snow for cancelling classes today. now you may stop snowing, so that i can drive to chapel hill tomorrow. i'd really appreciate it. 
chick in my class said flacco is the best qb in the league. 1- why is a chick talkin football. i cant wait for class tomorrow lol. 
entrepreneur angelinvestor pitch in on the new birthday party / super bowl sunday treat. 
oilersmobile: july 20: sam gagner | target nice to have you there for at least another year! 
think i might go see flight tomorrow just because denzel washington . 
i wish the best of luck to the boro football players and hope they kick butt saturday for shaun winitforshaun. 
honesty is often best policy: fabio capello, russia coach: "i was hoping ronaldo's injury was more serious so he couldn't play tomorrow. 
this is austin rivers 1st game and people sucking him he a rookie chill ! 
the woman in black - the legendary ghost thriller, touring to dubai and abu dhabi in november & december. 
target frankie: i think i'm going to have a date with my bed tomorrow me: same. that's my boy. 
pray for mohamed morsi the new president of egypt that he may continue to be a leader for freedom and peace. 
axl rose needs to just give up. not later, not soon, not tomorrow. 
happy halloween! starting this wicked wednesday off listening to pink floyd and leonard cohen. get to take my boys out tonight! 
i wonder what cortese is thinking after watching that 1st half of total wank? as for boruc you are a disgrace and a complete twat. 
sad i won't get to see target on the challenge: battle of the seasons tonight i am sad. i guess i'll have to wait until next wednesday. 
austin rivers needs to get stronger, spurs guards muscling him tonight. he started and just now scored in 4th. 
happy valentines day i love it. only if you live in brazil, otherwise its just another irritating monday. 
target saturday i buy my ticket for the tmhtour in belgium! i'm so happy! 
this goes way too fast :o its been already a year that i saw avril lavigne in concert i love it. october 25 2011, one of the best day of my life :d. 
gambled on chocolate day as a successful theme day at work.turns out chdn do like chocolate. is gross day. hope kids like gross stuff. 
how many continents was the challenge filmed on? "21?" okay, what did you fail 2nd grade? 
target were going to be at boys and girls club to clean tomorrow at 10am. they told us to bring boots and gloves. all are welcome. 
david letterman had an interesting show on monday. he is located in new york city. because of the hurricane he. 
november: my birthday month, election day, a weekend in san fran with target naples for thanksgiving, lots of friends & family. 
i've been on television a few times now. still waiting for the call from itv about dancing on ice though. starting to think i may be too famous. 
target i hope they make sure to take care of eli manning, giants vs pittsburgh on sunday nfl. 
target come on romney i may not be able to vote from britain but i completley support you ! good luck ! 
world wrestling entertainment raw should be interesting next week. the road friend returned to world wrestling entertainment at the royal rumble and shawn michaels is going to be on raw monday. 
kendrick perkins led the league for the 4th year in a row in spm (scowls per minute) literally laughed out loud. 
eli manning best 4th quarter qb in the game! 
lin picks up a loose ball and just trucks stuckey. unfortunately, that's not allowed, to bench with 4th foul as pistons reclaim lead, 67-65. 
i feel do bad. my boo asia birthday event maybe cancelled for this sunday! i was sooo looking forward to it. 
shit, yeah, it's thursday, russell howards good news and celebrity juice is on. 
pretty good thursday night with target if only rivers would stop sucking so bad! at qualcomm stadium. 
i'm so good at gambling. i just made to look bad las vegas. leaving tomorrow morning for a weekend of dog sitting and homework. not a bad week. 
i can not change yesterday. i can only make the most to day, and look with hope toward tomorrow. 
had a wonderful workshop on thursday at sag office with carol nadell of selective casting. 
apple ceo apologizes for error-ridden new map application - apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the company& 039;s erro. 
new die hard movie coming out feb 14. looks like bruce willis is going to be my valentines date. i am happy. 
i liked a target video ?a anonymous - remember, remember the 5th of november. 
me; 'ill bring your birthday card in on friday' kane; 'aw really? it's the thought that counts i'd prefer a tv' twat. 
got to go see flight tomorrow denzel is the greatest actor ever. 
kobe in the 4th is like eli manning. 
if one more commentator references how "smart" the dook players are, i may just turn this mess off. overratededucation dook. 
scariest man alive. kendrick perkins is close 2nd "target ray lewis is probably the only human being ever not born with an indoor voice. 
sundays in the sag is like a friday in idaho.boring as fuck! 
if the steelers play as good as they did sunday i say keep the bee uniforms on all the way to the superbowl steelers. 
year old i'm excited for royal rumble might book that monday off work so i can watch it. 
procrastinating. i need to get ready for the 6th district chicago police rally against violence. chi-town cheer will be performing. 
will you have lunch with me tomorrow night?-random hoe that's hitting on castle "nooo"-beckett. 
target happy 20th birthday nick j! hope it's one of the best! you've accomplished so much already. and so much more to come. love you! 
factsaboutme when i was born. on that day , it was the 2nd day of chinese new year. immediately , i gotten lots of redpacket :d. 
work almost over with then these negros won't see my face till monday night! 
i'll be doing the senior bowl fun run with my niece next saturday. 
i hope i can get a ticket to the 1d concert in belgium!you can't order them till saturday! 
3rd and goal at the 1 and rivers throws a int. terrible pass by rivers . bad decisions cost you games. geez half time suck d**k 10-3. 
egypt's morsi gets red carpet welcome in iran: tehran, aug 29: egypt's mohamed morsi is in iran for the first visit. 
target is on the radio instead. mt target it's the first week without any waterloo road. going to be a boring thursday. 
ground hog day is such a good film, sunday is for food and films sunday. 
if seattle and portland were knit together and covered by the california sun, you'd have san fran. kind of love it. 
niggas was really fighting at the gas station sat night tho. 
apple's increasing "skeumorphism" - the wood and leather effects - tim cook canned scott forstall no more dodgy effects. 
target i hope all your loved ones back in maryland are okay! i didn't see you, wednesday. i am happy. 
yay bruno mars is coming out with a new album on december 11th.(; i must have it! 
i'm like. why the fuck "happy valentines day" is trending on the 12th of june? but anyways, i just knew that it is celebrated in brasil. 
lady boner from channing tatum in the vow right now and the fact that i get mcdonald's breakfast tomorrow with target winning. 
being addicted to temple run may be the worst thing that's happened to me haha. 
target forget about dook now we own that series anyways! let's "beat state" this saturday as we continue on to a succesful season. 
long drive too kentucky tomorrow hopefully going to get the big buck we caught on cam, at least we got target playing in the chevy! i love it. 
looking forward to seeing the illegal eagles at dorking tomorrow night with lin & amigo. best eagles tribute band around. 
pakistan approves liberalised visa accord with india. 
fabio capello (russia's head-coach) wishes cristiano's injury was more serious. russia will play against portugal tomorrow in the wcq. 
i think i may be the only person around not excited that beyonce is the half time performer for the superbowl. 
target happy thursday! enjoyed the show so much last night watched 4x. have a great day my greek! 
the fact that i have no plans tomorrow night & it's my last night in fl for a minute <<<. 
loved the hair style from friday's jason what's up? nyfw show? we're giving you the step-by-step to recreate the look. 
dad: what are you going to do in athens tomorrow? me: nothing. dad: oh. have fun. i like my father. 
don't be surprised if we end up waiting until november 16th to find out who the next potus is. 
rugby tonight and it's like freezing oh my god i may die. 
asia stocks mostly up on us, china data: asian stock markets advanced friday as a batch of upbeat economic data from the u.s. and chi. 
breaking dawn is coming out on the 16th , yayyy. 
celebrate the chinese new year in shanghai (around february) and see a dragon dance during the spring festival! amazing experience! 
niggas is going die on december 26th when them foams come out . laughing out loud rs . niggas going rob you & be like "da shoes or yeah life nigga" lol. 
just bought my 1st heineken beer in las vegas. ps i've lived here for 5 years ~what took me so long!twitter.com/wxvobdek. 
target can't wait for the new series, starts on sunday over here in britain, redjohn. 
published a new web log entry november 18 - "otherwise known as sheila the great" in art in the county. 
dr. mohamed morsi announced as egypt's first elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution. 
northern lights sale on thursday; great pedigrees all the way through the catalogue! genomics the full packages! view catalogue online! 
billy cundiff may be leaving washington. hopefully he won't miss the door on the way out. 
i think bowen and cofield will be better in 2nd yr, and hope jenkins will be as good as he look last preseason, but those are unhatched eggs. 
target i want tang jun for christmas. i want him on valentines as well! 
news release 09 october 2012 customers of the negros sub-grid experienced a partial outage today at 5:45pm. 
i do worry about the mentality of the average tweeter when i see jeremy kyle, and "christmas" trending on november 1st. 
target halloween good . and who is the 3rd? valentine's day? 
target a betrayed wife is legally allowed to kill her adulterous husband, but may only do so with her bare hands. 
russell howard, then cuckoo, then celebrity juice, then family guy, thursday night is the best night for comedy. 
hey target members, did you miss your shot at leonard cohen tickets this morning on target target will have more for you on sunday! 
going to ride the love train tomorrow.dig it .soul train.ojays.bad ass.do it.v=yanmqg2nyt4&feature=youtube_gdata_player. 
i wish i was out md i want to bear on negros shit is fun , going out sunday to ross snighter sunday finna pop off on twl. 
first tweet ever, loving san diego! busy day like always and ready for target on fuel television tomorrow. 
<--- new icon. i may just be changing icons a lot as long as jennette uploads pictures cause she is just too beautiful. 
dr. mohammed morsi announced as egypt's first elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution. 
target only you can answer before i try! there's on wp8 a way to call 3rd p. like intents on android. i want to switch to wp! 
protest against the mitch daniels purdue presidential nomination tomorrow at loeb theater 2:30 pm. bring a friend! 
dr. mohamed morsi announced as egypt's 1st elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution. congratulations to egypt! 
this thursday night football game sucks. but go chiefs! i just want to see hot head rivers explode on the sideline tonight. 
nebraska placed a nation-leading nine players on the first-ever senior bowl watch list released saturday. 
playing target all day to prep for tomorrow's concert at fort canning. go, baby, go go! 
target & if the potus wins 2nd term isn't that nice job gov going to go back to bashing him when his state is in better shape. 
watching my favourite target behind the scenes (for the 4th time) when jennifer hudson goes awol. 'excuse me, what the hell is going on?!. 
fabio capello: "from what i've seen these days i can assure you russia are capable of getting a good result vs portugal tomorrow". 
photo: fabulous find! jason what's up? satin scarlet clutch at off 5th! whoop whoop! 
time for james harden (34 points) to step aside and let jeremy lin takeover the 4th linsanity sarcasm. 
target target i remember 1st seeing veldheer at the senior bowl thinking this kid can ball. fortunately we got him. 
success saturday- having a great time at the 4th annual girlfriend group celebration! target wood target cofield target maddox. 
sag for life: stacey, april, gabriel irieapril mrandmrscheek happy wedding day gabe! at north star ballroom. 
the best thing about walking dead returning is it means spartacus will be back soon too! dammit, starz site says january. 
thanks to jesus, cvs, my mom & my mary.i was able to kick this flu in 1 week! now to make it without my maryjane until monday! 
target target just saw jennifer hudson on 26th street she looks great! super skinny. 
nfl commissioner affirmative goodell says he may cancel the professional bowl: would you care if there was no professional bowl? 
i swear if tomorrow any niner fans start tweeting about kyle williams tomorrow, best believe i'm going to put you on check. 
recap. i saw bad 25 on tuesday. the spike lee documentary on michael jackson. it was beyond amazing. && it was only showing for 6 days. 
harry styles rocking lyle and scott. he may only be 10.but be honest, you wish you had his life. target pic.twitter.com/w8j9stx1. 
good luck to target tomorrow at the freakshow in las vegas ! get after it man. you're going to smash on fools! i am happy. 
february 13th, the day before and best buddy to valentines day, desperation day. 
we're experiencing some issues with fuel television (ch 39). should be back up friday or monday. 
kpop: will psy be the first korean to win a grammy?: psy may qualify for the upcoming grammy awards. gangnam sty. 
sticks and stones may break my bones, but rugby does it better! 
is it evil to laugh when a 3rd grader reads a short story, and at least five times, mistakes the name "becky" for "blocky?" stickingtoit. 
visit to iran by five euro mps was called off sat after tehran refused to let them meet with a jailed activist. 
linsanity"target jeremy lin was a +23 for rockets in his debut. that's the 2nd-best plus-minus for him in any game in his career. 
cannot wait to see target with my boys target and target next friday in athens! 
happy valentine's day. february 14 it's been 9 am via target. 
hey daryl! great connecting at anti fracking colorado. excited to have you in next issue. deadline is nov 15th. 
i am happy to be single but i would love to receive a valentines card on the 14th. it has to be from someone amazing- target for eg! 
niggas was really on some 10th grade shit tonight. 
toi israel admits 1988 killing of arafat's deputy: israel for the first time on thursday admitted responsibility. 
thanks to everyone who came out friday night to see us with threat signal at dickens! awesome night! 
target get target on february for valentine's day, the suave fuckers. 
target out with the old, in with the new, shown good discipline in the 1st 4 rounds tonight frankie, kept a cool head! 
can't believe target is only 2 days older than me! can't wait to see him again tomorrow with target at fort canning, singapore! 
we're excited for trunk or treat tomorrow (nov 2) night at the boys and girls club in pottstown. it will start at. 
lucky shops are coming to nyc!: the sale of the season hosted by lucky magazine with grammy winner jennifer hudson, starts november 1. 
buffalo bills' kyle williams misses practice thursday: for a second straight day, buffalo bills. bills nfl. 
i go on channel 7 to see what the weather is going to be like tomorrow and taylor swift singing. eewww getoffmytv. 
hey guys tomorrow is now national ground hog day, i hope to see you all post about it! 
how to know a shit bar!. you get your arm stamped! if you wake up tomorrow with prints on your arm your a twat! 
loanwatch: ben amos is a doubt for tonight's hull city game vs doncaster (2nd round league cup), with a groin problem. 
on october 25 2011 i told taylor swift i wouldn't listen to her until she wrote about something else. one year later and here we are still. 
oh and rafa said before the injury he was having the best year he ever had was 1st in the race. i am sad. 
target of others.jenelle may have made mistakes but she has time to change and be a better person.its too late for you.fuckhead. 
good to see flacco showing some fight in the 2nd half. that's about all i can ask for at this point. 
halloween is the third biggest party day of the year behind new year's eve and super bowl sunday. 
i'll stop loving jennette on the 31st feb. february has only 28 days so it doesn't count. i love it. 
awesome wedding shoot in amsterdam today, excited fot the next one on saturday in a castle in utrecht. previews coming soon. 
mitch daniels gave stephen colbert a purdue hat on thursday's show. i hope he burns it in a raging flame of glory. 
target dr mohamed morsi announced as egypt's 1st elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution. congratulations to egypt. 
going to finish watching the vow tomorrow , its such a cute movie. 
bad girls club mexico is so official now meaning most of the girls going off on each other. i can't wait until monday. 
just close your eyes the sun is going down you'll be all right no one can hurt you now come morning light you and i'll be safe and sound np. 
proper buzzing to watch the vow with target tomorrow. i am happy. 
3rd mariah song of the night and nooo. that was so bad. 
tomorrow our opportunity to love continues at the boys & girls club (123 jefferson). meet us there at 10am, with boots and gloves if possible. 
i'm so excited i'm going to meet buddy from cake boss at ruth eckerd hall with grammy on jan 12. can't wait! 
having to read charles dickens for homework may be the greatest thing ever. 
i would be so happy that its a late start tomorrow . but nooo , i have to go to catch up day because i failed my f**king french test. 
i'm not gon believe that victor cruz is the real deal until he lines up outside, no slot, and doesn't disappear like he did sunday. 
target may your day be full of joy and happiness! happy birthday nick j i am happy. 
should'nt have watched the grey last night because walking down a dark driveway when the sun decides to play hookie is not a good time. 
niggas boutta be droppin like flies down georgetown tomorrow , you wont catchh me there ! 
so i heard my old crush is going to the bell game tomorrow and want to talk? :o weird. 
watching the 2nd punisher. wish they'd make another one with quentin tarentino directing and thomas jane as castle. 
that movie flight with denzel looks really good! may have to go check it out. 
and then on tuesday & wednesday its champions league match day 4 i think? or it might be 5.im not sure wooo hooo. 
aboud el zomour, the guy who killed sadat, is now attending the october 6 celebrations at cairo stadium." shame! 
just did spartacus 2.0 and sauna.imma be sore tomorrow but so worth it. 
the storm will be moving inland to cny tomorrow. that's when i'll get worried about my family. living right on oneida lake. 
cannot wait to play san fran on sunday. if we can beat them at home for the no f**king clue championship we can beat them now. 
target and then both teams took dumps in the 2nd round of the big dance, ku flaming out against ucla, mizzou losing to northern iowa. 
cupid did so much work the 1st time that he don't want to be my friend no more. 
i will not be able to handle harry's voice in kiss you.and i may not survive after hearing all the songs on take me home in their entirety. 
incredible pass from vick to kyle williams. williams out jumps carr in the end zone, 21-0 in 2nd. 
target congratulations on you celebrating british kid singers sophia grace's and rosie's 1st anniversary of a visit of your show. 
tomorrow. i'm on the air live at 9:05 on wjct radio. then on television taping for good morning jacksonville at 10:30. 
celebrity juice is the highlight of my thursday night. keith lemmon is hilarious hahaha. 
waiting for the highlight of my thursday night celebrity juice nolife. 
northern lights sale tomorrow following the wexham cup bull sale; sale of elite female holstein & jerseys! a real treat of a sale! no trick! 
happy valentine's day is trending? but. it's not even february? 
hi, memi! thanks for agreeing to lead at sag! would you be available for a sun., any sun, in dec rather than nov 4th? i just learned . 
so ready to be done with classes tomorrow and head to chapel hill to support my favorite wuwbb ladies target & target. 
this sunday, come watch the ravens take on the browns, and help support the baltimore humane society! 
my mom works with the mother of the girl that won homecoming queen at phs last friday and the company just sent out the sweetest email. 
how badly i miss andy carroll. knowing that the derby game is tomorrow, he always played very well and scored against blue noses. 
tech apple ceo apologizes for error-ridden new map application - apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the company. 
target you should attend target champions this fri/sat/sun: top 12 roller derby teams in the world, we play indianapolis 8pm friday! 
premier league: west ham v man city on saturday. our preview looks at the stats & has some interesting betting tips. 
target i preordered it on thursday/friday at midnight the night it came able to pre-order, love you and frankie. x pic.twitter.com/pp1ozzaa. 
loving the opening debates rap game kathy crowley october 20 - bruno mars .ujnpejnvbbc.twitter. 
target target target target target go boro!may the force be with you from the 1st second to the last! 
target congratulations kendall in germany it is 7 clock friday november 2, so happy b-day. 
kendrick perkins may have the worst goatee in all of sports. 
friday's cnet update is playing one republic : apple ceo says sorry for ios 6 map mess apple ceo tim cook has said he was "extremely sorr. 
tomorrow is going to be a fun-filled day of emailing people on how and what to do so i can come back to murray in the spring. 
so proud of target for the huge upset against maryland. time for us to do the same tomorrow night godeacs. 
rugby is a great winter sport for gaa ladies looking to keep up there fitness. come along friday to kilkenny rfc at 7 to try it out. 
i just remembered 'niggas in paris' is a song. what a saturday! 
an emotionally intelligent organisation through mindfulness? find out how with target in san fran in dec ?nomo=1 please rt! 
takbir! mohamed morsi announced as egypt's 1st elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution. congratulations to egypt! 
gop has set the bar very low with a 4th cycle promoting a grossly un-american idea: potus as elected autocrat. 
i may ask my doctor for ambien on election night. i'd rather sleep through it and hope i wake up to footage of mitt crying over his loss. 
can't wait to hear tomorrows cmag meeting about horny (coni ) baages wait & watch you will be grilled tomorrow ! cmag a hope. 
betstylelounge this saturday target will be turnt to the max! come see me and target rock out! 35th and king dr!twitter.com/30fmupli. 
man utd v arsenal on sat sees the best defence (afc) in the league (conceded 0.67 p/game) against the best attack. 
watching sunday's "harry and paul". good it is too. well-observed and fearsomely dry. 
was thinking of harry redknapp for the target job for the past few days now. would be an absolute coup! come on shebby! 
this bitch target just put frog back on laughing my f**king a** off throw back thursday. 
no you may not kick it. -tribe called quest answering a text from billy cundiff. 
happy valentine's day (to you that may have one). 
my body is exhausted. i walked from 79th and jeffery to the lakefront, where i accidentally sat on dead fish, to 55th and king dr. and back. 
niggas in paris was playing in the waiting room at the clinic and this old lady sat tapping her walking stick and bobbing her head. so cute. 
and to the 2 girls in front of us that sat down and played temple run the whole time, why did you even come? 
loved the hair style from friday's jason what's up? new york fashion week show? we're giving you the step-by-step to. 
too soon? amazon opens black friday deals store: thanksgiving is weeks away, the world series only ended on sund. 
went to see 'the mystery of charles dickens' at the playhouse theatre, west end last thursday starring simon callow. it's a must see! 
oh yay! my mom just told me that my grammy is coming tomorrow! woohoo woot! 
this may be a little forward. - secret-country: but can you imagine the sex miranda lambert & blake. 
it's so early here in germany, my american friends are just now getting drunk. off to prague, knuckleheads! talk to you on sunday! 
target can not let be a let down game sunday with houston and san fran coming up. got to focus on beating tennessee. 
target cant wait for you to come to dublin on monday so excited to see you:-) i love it. 
target laughing out loud you mean pronounce it? i don't know either.hmm.i like to say it like 'hair-may' or 'hair-mess' laughing my f**king a** off i don't know okay. 
dinner with my dad. and tony parker with a last second game winning shot. what a great night.just in time to be ruined by 300s tomorrow. 
this thread is like watching a monkey fuck a coconut. 
apple ceo apologizes for error-ridden new map application (+video): apple ceo tim cook apologized friday for the company. 
congratulations to dj's 3rd grade team going to the superbowl! i'll be there cheering. 
big game for target tomorrow, away vs the knicks at msg. personally think knicks will win. first game, message crowd, sandy disaster. 
i'm assuming that heb ran out of candy and people decided to give out pizza instead because it was busier than super bowl sunday today. 
goodnight! big day! tomorrow i'm at the school to 3:00 (argentina time) because i stay to the mallin! (tomorrow i'll tell you what is that)! 
today is national kissing day because it's no work day tomorrow! 
this time tomorrow night ill be partying it up in chapel hill i am happy. 
in 27 hours i know if i am going to see the boys live on may 1st! oh my gosh girl i am sooo scared for tomorrow! 
awesome response guys! the correct answer is: sam gagner and brendan smith. all of you will be put into the draw this coming thursday! 
in my tough luck guys talks about away from computer vs mufc i know guys you cant wait till saturday :d epl i love it. 
target would you be up for full day of movies at mine on thursday? :p so far tarzan and the notebook is on the list xd. 
like, "sweet you." "happy valentines day." (when it's july). "i'll meet you at the shop every tuesday.". 
rivers to gates, for only the 3rd time this season. keep it up chiefs, fantasy teams need you. 
arianators please help me. i'm a girl who's body is very sore and just asking for ariana & jennette's goodluck for tomorrow. please i am sad. 
got to remember to bring dionje candy tomorrow, laughing out loud he got mad at me today! 
watched the vow for the 5th time and i'm still tearing. what's wrong with this movie. it's tooo. oh my god i can't even. 
egypt& 039;s president mohamed morsi on monday pardoned all those arrested between the start of the revolution t . 
kurt convey wins the boys race in 16:01 with nick diaz coming in 2nd around 16:10. rounding out the top 3 was kenny castro. 
for your information - the ridiculously adorable ladybug larry bird gives his 1st piece of candy to is our producer/ director chris koch's gorgeous daughter! 
realized that i've just spent halloween, super bowl sunday, and my last two birthdays either in the library, or in a computer lab. 
enjoyed the flotus today in fl! target you are brilliant.simply put! glad i voted saturday obama2012 duval pic.twitter.com/0szz0xm7. 
tonight's never mind the buzzcocks has the hilarious noel fielding again i am happy. can't wait to download it tomorrow. 
now you all know all that halloween candy is going to be on clearance tomorrow.you can save it for valentine's day i am happy. 
target as a point, flacco had a 0.3 qbr last sunday. even vet qb had a bad day. 
going to the georgetown game on friday! imwearingblue istillloveeastview. 
sophia grace and rosie: we know one of your songs! the sun comes down not applicable not applicable not applicable not applicable target ?v=p-pogkhxoy4&feature=branded. 
come out and have some laughs with me, spartacus, and max at caroline's comedy club this wednesday october 24th!. 
fuck you, band that covered it on friday night, and fuck you ricky martin for existing in the first place you big jerk. 
february 12th is a nice time to release it. its the week of the grammys too. albums "sell" that week. 
the landlord from will ferrell.avi ?v=efpxqpyqqjw&sns=tw via target this will cure the monday blues. funny funny shit. 
cofield should have hopped off the deathmatch sticks after his 3rd year. niggas was tired of him lol. 
you'd think after not replying to the 3rd text the vagina face would get that i fucking hate him. 
watching "the vow" for the 1st time! i i love it. already cried 3 times! 
finally in bed. such a long day, but so much was accomplished. athens tomorrow! 
the vow! love this movie. if you are meant to be with your loved one it will happen no matter what obstacles you may face! truelove exists. 
perfect weather to finish a great week.saw noel fielding's show thursday at the ath. meeting him would have made the week perfect! 
target target and target all on the jonathan ross show tonight = terrif sat night in! well done target toofunny. 
i love the "on time" part. axl rose shows up on time, gives jimmy kimmel 1st live television interview in 20 years. 
can't wait to see 'flight' with denzel washington on tomorrow! i am happy. 
tomorrow, the biggest name in music & entertainment is on the show! and no it's not ricky martin. who is it? 
mizzou beats kentucky 2-1! tigers advance to face top-seed florida in the semis on friday at 6. 
did anyone read the nyt interview with egyptian president mohamed morsi on saturday? 
the grey huhuhuhu fucking awesome btwftr 670 i'm going to sleep i need it tomorrow i've to work. 
watchin step up i love it. the 1st one is the best with channing tatum as the main guy. 
just cus it's friday here are 62 reasons why bill murray is awesome. 
thanks, dave! great show tonight. sorry, craig. i've got to get to bed. i'll catch you tomorrow. 
i just saw a picture of jenelle from the 1st day of school in 5th grade. damn that nigga changed. 
target jean, tomorrow is free kissing day! i am happy. just want to tell you that. 
got a great piece for you history buffs friday morning, a game between schalke & bayern that marked the end of germany's greatest ever side. 
2nd night parker has been on it .boy oh boy. 
applications are due this friday november 2! let this video of yes prep senior signing day inspire you as. 
i'm listening to the a capellas of the 2nd law and appreciating how bad ass bellamy is. not that i didn't already know from his other albums. 
happy valentines day i love it..yes, in brazil, it is celebrated on june 12. your mind = blown ! 
refuse to admit that it's 3rd year. bring on my groundhog day. 
cried for every episode of dream high 2 starting from episode 13! t-t tomorrow i shall watch the last and final episode! 
i liked a target video ?a 17th grammys: paul simon and john lennon co-presenting the grammy for record of the. 
oh my god the music video comes out tomorrow! by the way i still can't get over harry's voice. 
1. noel fielding comedy gala tonight i am happy. work all day tomorrow 3. granny smith festival that night. 
had a 'low' moment.then i thought, why? 2wks on tuesday i see noel gallagher up close with the best boy in the world.now i am happy. 
i may be a little too optimistic but i think the browns vex themselves of the baltimore curse and beat the ravens. maybe its just me laugh out loud. 
i always cry when i listen to avril singing tomorrow in dublin, i just remember everything bad happened to me. i am sad. 
i comeposed my first vagina on september 15th so technically iv had a twitter for a long time then forgot about it. good to be back. 
target tune into target tomorrow for a special target pushandshove news segment during the 7am & 9am hours! 
hello target please hear me :d we want avril's new single maybe just teaser 1st it'll oke for me ! 
there is on thing i have learned from the mlb playoffs, cougar town on a new network. i can't wait till january. poundinggrape pennycan! 
target you are a 5-star to the hog fans, va3! you got props from the coach wednesday night at the signing day event in the ville, wps! 
happy valentines day?o say what? is it feb 14th already? 
target so you sat down with sophia grace and rosie to tea and it was awesome! :d. 
happy valentines day lulwhuuut? i guess it is february weather though. 
torchlight2 comes out tomorrow. torchlight is in my list of best games of all time. i like it better than diablo iii. 2 promises more. 
i will consider arsenal to have the potential to win premier league this season if only they beat manchester united tomorrow. 
rehearsing for nov 6 "target just called jim leyland to congratulate new york giants on their victorious baseball match sfgchamps p2. 
just wrote a great song with mitch daniels! really looking forward to performing it with him on thursday! i am happy. 
the boys are hot! streakin big win tonight let's do er again tomorrow! 
and on tuesday, harry redknapp distanced himself from the job following speculation he was planning talks with the club. 
i'm excited for trunk or treat tomorrow (nov 2) night at the boys and girls club in pottstown. it will start at. 
target have you filmed jonathan ross yet? can't wait to see it on sat! i am happy. 
target target hip hip hooray, meet you in nevada tomorrow so we can prepare. 
come out and support recapo tomorrow at silentnight on 113th and king dr. from 4-8:30pm! be the change you want to see. 
safe and sound at the hotel! scotty passed out on the plane and had to get doctors and oxygen. practice tomorrow,. 
one more day of work before rugby filled weekend. hurry up saturday! esherrugby refereeing excited. 
i may be the odd man out on this but i don't get all the buzz on this kendrick lamar. decent i guess, but not stellar. 
this may be a reason to swap, ios has too many daft games. "android is a desolate wasteland when it comes to games.. 
first murray is out for the dallas cowboys now felix may be questionable for the atlanta game. not looking good for the running backs! 
alright, if my daughter keeps singing avril just to annoy me, i may be forced to retaliate. 
february 13th "desperation day" the most awesome day of all time true_story. 
indian air force may not go with israel a second time ?odyssey=nav%7chead. 
[$] black friday best price underwater case for the following olympus evolt digital slr. 
oh no she didn't! bgv rt"target i can't wait to make target listen to two hours of taylor swift during our drive tomorrow. 
actually, i'd like to omit the vaccines from my top 10 and move kasabian in at 9th, with the enemy dropping to 10th. told you i can't do it. 
target i would love the audio book 'the art of war' by sun tzu, as read by jim white! 
2nd coming: will blacks america debate the 2012 election bet target i'm tired of hearing people say potus haven't done anything 4 blks. 
to all my friends in turkey may you all stand strong on this 89th republic day! cumhuriyet bayraminiz kutlu olsun ! 
sandy, if you have ruined my chances to see bruno mars on monday i will go buck wild. 
being in amsterdam this early on a friday morning is not my ideal, i just want to get home! 
just found out that the boys will be on ellen on november 9th. i am so happy. 
art target do you think new york city should host the marathon sunday?.why would they when sooo many desperately need help,where is respect. 
i missed the 10th birthday of avril lavigne's skater boi! darn, i love that song, especially the part where she rhymes boy with boy. 
target stick to college hoops & pandering to 2nd rate account teams. dook's opening game is right around the corner, baybeee! 
lady gaga fears classmates: los angeles, nov 1 (ians) singer lady gaga is still in touch with some people. 
wait if the power is out tomorrow then i'm going to miss a new how i met your mother, no. 
terrible play call on 2nd and 7. victor cruz on a slant? nicks sideline? how about any of those? 
nofucksgivinfebruary just don't give a shit about anything, this may pose a problem on valentines though. 
target justin is going tea time with sophia grace and rose tomorrow on the ellen show at 4 on really i am happy. 
target target you guys rocked tonight! see you in kentucky on saturday! 
happy new year to those who aren't into "anno domini". shana tovah & all that good jazz! looking forward to the chinese new year in feb. 
who else is excited to see the boys on startalk tomorrow? 
the notebook may be one of the greatest movies created of all timei love it. 
romney's great line about "trickle down government" was coined by gov. mitch daniels as early as january. mitt uses good sources. 
tomorrow is the release of the 20th anniversary kniteforce boxset featuring many remixes including mine of super sunday! $92 at the store! 
embarrassing. rams cut alexander. yes i know he's from mizzou. but c'mon. chiefs d makes unknowns look like professional bowlers. 
the fact that we are going to be sophia grace and rosie at the studio on tuesday makes me so happy! target accents cuties. 
looking for something to do this weekend in cny? here are the best bets: thursday: rapper wiz khalifa will headl. 
i'll be rooting for penn state tomorrow.even though they murdered joe pa for something he didn't do! the new coach & kids deserve that. 
happy birthday nick j may you live long and happy i am happy. 
target saturday, i buy my ticket for the tmhtour in belgium! i'm so happy! 
i have the same birthday as both anderson cooper and nadal. june 3rd is an awesome day i guess! 
4 days until vintagenow. we want to raise a bundle for the safe house for women. support us by attending 0ct 30th. 
so i have a red eye flight home from ca sat. night at 1am please send tell with layover in dallas on cst along with the clocks being pushed back an hour. 
on saturday night making the next hit honored us with a achievement award it felt like we were at the grammys!. 
the best thing about a thursday night is definitely celebrity juice hilarious. 
fox chicago, you make me angry. playing the vikings vs redskins over the no f**king clue championship rematch 49ers vs giants tomorrow? 
target i am a ask for the day off! i am not going to miss watching breaking dawn for our 10th month anniversary!(. 
friday night an it's dead. suppose i should go bed, watch spartacus and nurse a glass of rum as i have no cokei am sad. 
flyin to the bay tomorrow then kickin it in fresno a couple days before going to colorado fuckyes. 
who wants a love like johnny and june? i want a love like blake and miranda. lovethem obsessed. 
lady gaga fears classmates: los angeles, nov 1 (ians) singer lady gaga is still in touch with some people. 
i love asia, she's the first friend i made down here in 7th grade. 
noel gallagher tomorrow. can't wait to see the legend! 
i heard that target is on jonathan ross sat. i'm gearing up for the super pout. 
kasabian - fast fuse just came on shuffle on my ipod, definitely showing my excitement for target on tuesday! 
can't wait to raid cvs tomorrow for the discounted candy. 
this president talking about growing the economy is like billy cundiff explaining to someone how to make a field goal in the 4th quarter. 
reasons to celebrate: forcing the turnovers: the game sunday between the new york giants and . nfl nyg giants. 
capello bemoans language barrier in russia: russia coach fabio capello spoke monday of his frustration at the la. 
target dublin on monday :d so excited! also my friends birthday she will be at the concert. plzzz say happy birthday shauna. 
it's monday morning and i woke listening to niggas in paris. oh man it's going to be a good day. 
target if you happen to come online, know that your mccurdians trended "jennette on ellen" for mccurdian monday i am happy. 
you may think you've tried them all but i'll bet you haven't tried taking on the challenge. stop wasting time. 
i'm going to hit the victor cruz if my classes get cancelled tomorrow. 
kyle williams has 'good chance' to play sunday for bills: 'dealing with an ankle injury, williams got back to pr. 
we are excited to announce our next day on the green on sunday january 27th - australia day long weekend! we are. 
i noticed all the huddlestone haters were conspicuous by their absence yesterday, particularly when he assisted bale for the 1st goal thfc. 
daniels good-humored on comedy show: indiana gov. mitch daniels was a good sport thursday when he appeared on it. 
pakistan clears visa accord, india welcomes it - new delhi/islamabad, nov 1 (ians) a day after pakistan's cabinet ap. 
happy valentines day awkward because its definitely not february 14th in the us. 
target in my opinion with gagner as you develop depth, 89 would slot nice as a 3rd centre. 
victor cruz is happy about his contract negotiations with the giants. tuesday on his weekl. 
good luck to my brother from another mother target in his fight tomorrow at ufcengland on fuel television here in the states. warkingsbu asu. 
michael jackson radio may be one of the softest stations. but got damn has some good jams. 
our wacky wednesday promo, is going a bit ground hog day! i say our our wacky wednesday promo, is going a bit. 
just close your eyes the sun is going down. you'll be all right no one can hurt you now. the morning light you and i will be safe and sound. 
i'm so going to snatch up all the leftover halloween candy at cvs tomorrow letmeloveyou. 
happy valentine's day, artemis you remembered. come on! what kind of jerk would i be if i forgot valentine's day?for the 5th year in a row? 
i know it's in january but i cant wait for the royal rumble wwe. 
what's worse than being stuck in a time loop of groundhog day? being stuck in a monday loop. 
all i want for my 16th birthday are taylor swift tickets. no party, just tickets. 
target nick diaz is the best! smoke weed every day and drop out of school in 6th grade! fuck yeah! 
october 17th - november 3rd, don't miss the company of fools performance of the woman in black! 
if jenelle comes to the game tomorrow. i'll die missherlots itsbeentolong mybaby. 
paper finished, cma's over, blake and miranda dominated, accounting homework got pushed to wednesday. going to bed happy i am happy. 
friday night in & 'the notebook' is on. better get the tissues ready! lovestory noah&ali tears. 
blowjob penn, shogun, nick diaz and swick fighting on the same card.should be ppv but its on fox? 8th cant wait . 
ryan's going to amsterdam tomorrow i am sad. wahhh but who the fuck even goes there. 
what the heck apple? 1st i go to the apple and there is less then 10 employees working, i have to wait 10 minutes to check out. wake up tim cook! 
muse on jonathan ross brilliant. we have some exciting news about muse to announce monday from gotham records. 
soul train oct 27 halloween special f**k that t.dot finest rocking the mic.crazy cactus night club .adv ticket $10 wt out costume $15. 
out castle sun. and staying there until tues. mother said "it aint safe up dere in that new york with sandy all through dere" f**k you, sandy. 
target since you're in asia, good morning! can't wait for november 11. i am happy. 
tickets selling well for northern lights talk with target on thurs 8 nov, 6.30pm central library. to book. 
another awesome tweetup (this time in cebu) with a rafa-tard! great meeting you target thank you! see you, monday. zubuchon on us! 
so apparently tomorrow is national kissing day. i'm going to eat an entire bag of hershey kisses and call it a day. 
the dance parties at the boys and girls club are the closest i've been to clubbing. and some of the 4th grade girls can dance better than me. 
target just another reminder of my request for you guys to sing kingdom come on thursday. and safe and sound. i am happy. 
wish fifa would make league results and tables a bit more realistic. man utd in relegation zone after 15 games and aston villa in 2nd. 
getting pumped for the niners giants game sunday. and i guess so it kyle williams. 
rehearsal wedding for my because target going on at professional bowl. big day is tomorrow! 
got to have me a boyfriend by december that way he'll be good & mended by time valentine's day get here! i need all that! 
because you all have been complaing about him alll the dam time. not like me since i was in 3rd grade parker has been my main baby i love it. 
just thinking about couple days i had in august; stone roses one night then kasabian, noel g and the cribs the next. doesn't get much better. 
safe and sound on 57th and 11th.hoping that they clean up sandy quickly for those that were in her path. love you all! 
'sos' not an over the top comedy: ashwni dhir: mumbai, nov 1 (ians) forthcoming comedy "son of sardaar" might be. 
happy valentines day ? i thought stupid valentine was on the 14th of feb. 
buzzing for the game tomorrow, gong to be a great atmosphere and a possible upset is on the cards! bring on aston villa! 
okay so today is tatum tuesday! retweet if you like channing tatum! 
target shaking my head i'm just waiting on the black people to cuss me out tomorrow about denzel laughing out loud niggas! 
apple ceo 'extremely sorry' for problems with new maps: source: --- sunday, september 30,. 
got a jennifer hudson inspired makeup look coming on monday, excited for the turn out. 
it's now or never, i totally agree now or never! that is why he is the best of his kind. may not play for us but hats off to ray lewis 52 thegreatest. 
today (july 28th '12) is milk chocolate day. bring it on. 
good luck to infinity's iain veitch who competes in the taiwan ironman70.3 on saturday. 
rg is cleared for the vikings game sunday goodmood p.s. thank god we got rid of cuntsniff or is it cundiff? 
still time to order your halloween treats! deadline: 2pm cst today (with overnight shipping) to arrive tomorrow! --->. 
going to meet the cast of spartacus on the 7th! i am too excited! 
everyone talks about eli manning being the best in the 4th qtr. jay cutler has the best qbr rating in 4th qtr in the nfl getsome dabears. 
can channing tatum be a stripper again just for me on my 18th birthday? i am happy. 
think i'm going to go see flight tomorrow. denzel's the shit. 
target oiler fans are unhappy with, 45 points each season, gagner as their 2nd line c. habs fans should hate 28 point eller as a 2c. 
no14 - den 34; peyton and eli may meet in the super bowl if both denver and the new york giants keep winning like they did sunday. 
fran says paterno was very congenial to the media in his early years. age & perhaps betrayal by media may be part of his rift with media. 
target fancy going to the leonard cohen concert with me and my madre november 9? it should be heavenly. 
the new bruno mars song is wicked. it sounds like a cross between the police and michael jackson. i may or may not play it 14 times/day.! 
good morning my friends, wish you very nice friday with love, peace, art and mutual respect -i am happy. 
may possibly like dream high 2 better than the original! 
target come on guys fix this please, i don't want this to end up how diablo iii did. :.. 
have you picked up your december issue of wdc yet? it includes a full in-depth review of nikon's d600,. 
axl rose is trending worldwide just because he sat his butt on a chair to talk on live television and drink water out of a mug. bow down, peasants. 
looking forward to going to carrow rd tonight. last time we were there, bale scored 2 and we were 3rd. do not want extra time though. 
target good luck tomorrow! i did it once. big david james and harry redknapp started the race. they wore bomber jackets. 
seems my new ipod doesn't like kasabian very much- laptop has crashed every time it's got to syncing empire. 10th time lucky. 
this friday we celebrate/mock the love of avril and chad.fref=ts. 
like if you're proactive about your health! don't miss this sunday's live google+ hangout about genetic. 
i'm going to the duke game on saturday. duke. what'a joke they are. 
channel 4 30 years old on friday! d'oh showed some great programmes over the years, especially paul hogan. 
monday night football at ciscos.win a chance at going to hawaii for the professional bowl ! happy hour all night. 
spain summons argentine ambassador in oil dispute - spain warned argentina on friday it risks becoming "an. 
monta ellis commits his 1st foul! he's cold with 2 missed fts, a foul and a miss to start q3. bucks trail bulls 70-60, mid q3. 
niggas is having 7th grade fights on here you in high school i can't even deal. 
i played rugby yesterday may have broken my finger but it was definitely worth the pain the game is more fun than i remember. 
every thursday i go to jesse black in casselberry, fl just for these girls. 
dear spurs, you are out of coc, not in champions league and come may wont be in top 4. why do you even exist? 
tomorrow.walmart, target, walgreens, cvs, kroger, whoever.i'm coming for that discounted candy.be ready for it. i am happy. 
dook tomorrow and on the 27th. the game we've all been waiting for. not cool state. 
dishonoured is awesome! not quite sure where to rank it. journey and walking dead are one and two. i think it's 4th behind mass effect 3. 
i sang an avril lavigne song for the talent show in the 5th grade. i loved her so much. 
guess which star is the 5th most greatest women in the world and won many grammy awards and is a singer? 
wildcat madness tomorrow! community pep rally! bell game! hope to see you all there! 
congratulations to target as mizzou beats kentucky 2-1! tigers advance to face top-seed florida in the semis on friday at 6:30 pm! 
like larry bird in the ole' 3pt contest. tonight at the alfred e. smith dinner romney went 1st and absolutely crushed it. 
this is the first time someone has offered to watch the notebook with me so i don't watch it alone for the 5th time.too bad it was my mom. 
it's november 1 so you know what that means. you'll see valentine's day stuff at walmart soon. 
janowicz was 221 in january and the win over murray today takes him to 46 - good year! mega potential! 36 if he beats tipsarevic. 
okc thunder center kendrick perkins may miss the preseason due to a wrist injury. 
target saturday i buy my ticket for the tmhtour in belgium! i'm so happy! i am happy. 
don't care tomorrow! stoked to see friends at american, georgetown and elsewhere. text me if you are free. 
this is ball shit because i broken my ankle on sunday at football the army won't let me in for 1year thanks callum "twat. 
nikon contest outlaws film images for first time (update monday) - - the rules for the nikon photo contest . 
excited to head to florida tomorrow. participating in the tyrf strikeforce to make sure fl goes 4 mittromney. tcot txcot dallasgop. 
the boys: 's calvin watkins explains why sunday night games are bad luck for the cowboys and. 
'no favorites' for russia-portugal clash - capello: moscow, october 11 (ria novosti) - russia's match with portu. 
going to see kendrick lamar with target in jan :d. 
noel fielding may be one of the greatest people alive. 
dancing on ice tour highlights on sun going to be good i am happy. 
spirit friday!fill the halls with school colors and enjoy a dress down day! no pj, yoga pants or flip flops/backless shoes. you are poland! 
this time tomorrow i will be en route to san fran with my beautiful ladyfriend target life is pretty excellent. 
halloweenfacts halloween also is recognized as the 3rd biggest party day after new year's and super bowl sunday. 
another beauty of a day in athens, greece. i trust you'll have an exceptional friday wherever in the world you are. much love. 
jeremy lin picks up his 4th foul, all he does is turn it over! pistons are hot right now folks! 
dr. mohamed morsi announced as egypt's 1st elected president after the glorious 25th of jan revolution. congratulations to egypt. 
activists demand release of jharkhand tribal leader: new delhi, nov 1 (ians) condemning the arrest of woman trib. 
may your life one day be as awesome as you pretend it is on facebook- will ferrell. 
obama is good for israel: tens of millions of americans will go to the polls on tuesday to vote for a president . 
today is desperation day. if you know what i mean. 
republic day in turkey 29 oct fire work awesome. 
target to be fair it is, hodgson currently has the same record as capello and hoddle but a better defensive. this is his 11th game in. 
target december 29th will show all the louisville fans that kentucky is the best. 
did you see that andy carroll header? what technique! "c'mon! that's not technique. technique is passing the ball 5 yards 50 times. 
howtopissagirloff stick a dead goat through her letter box on february 14th with a note written in blood saying "happy valentine's day. 
maths reply sit next tuesday but then going to my first ever champions league match at the etihad! 
flight starring denzel washington was a good ass movie go see it tomorrow when it comes out. 
first time listing to red: "does this diva think she's avril lavigne?" 2nd - 54th time: can't.stop.listening. 
unless you got a throw back thursday picture with michael jackson i don't give a fuck about your faggot ass picture. 
target i really like forsberg, maybe above everyone else. hopefully the pick isn't traded for sam gagner and a 7th rounder. 
i can't wait to here this negros explanation about monday night! shaking my head un huh trust issues. 
four -- now three -- tweets away from 9000. here's where i mention that i'm pouring wine for a friday night with diablo iii. meta classy. 
jerzy boy janowicz over murray! what is going on in paris?! we'll have a new master's 1000 winner. no big 4 past the 3rd round. 
bad times when you missed waterloo road last thursday when in tenerife and don't realise it was the last episode i am sad. 
the duke is loose. duke johnson pounds it in for a 7 yard touchdown. miami leads vtech 27-12 in the 4th. 
cool! there's a criminal minds season 3 marathon on, and tomorrow it's a castle season 3 one. 
target happy thursday jennette from detroits 1 radio station wrom radio have a great weekend ahead we love a follow back from you. 
bale doesnt celebrate his goal but races over cuddling dempsey on the 2nd. illustrates perfectly the bullshitting spotlight whores they are. 
preseason! kubball mt target cole aldrich will start in place of kendrick perkins against the rockets tomorrow night. 
sunday is turning out to be the day when i play temple run. social life is a joke only. forever alone level 1000. 
saturday's ufc on fuel television looks a lot better than the scheduled undercard of ufc 151. no surprise 151 got cancelled. /fight. 
stop that my dude."target dook football, even the sun shines on a dog's a** some days. 
big mix up people, channing tatum is not here, it's just anthonee bercik, autographs tomorrow. 
born in february close to valentines. through all the heart pains i still look for love guess i'm going to always b crazy. 
i realize bellamy is a freshman qb but the play selection leaves a lot to be desired, option toss on 3rd and 7 cmonman. 
rare, 300kg meteorite discovered in poland, biggest in eastern europe and may provide clues about earth's core. 
smashing fifa at the moment won the capital one cup,1st in the league and in the finals of the f.a cup and champions league. 
if san antonio continues to play like they did tonight with little help from parker in the 1st half & no ginobili, it'll be a great season! 
target all aboard. 1st flight to hong kong then off to the uk from there. tweet_yah_later enjoy. 
target aston villa are a joke mate and so is your profile picture you may want to hit the gym before you head to the bridge w your bitch slaps jogon. 
las vegas is my 3rd home and i'll be there after the election but the wynn just lost my business after the bogus obama comments. 
all ricky martin's fans interested in joining sips, you are welcome to do so. theme mustache 20oct sat tag under sexysoulsinterestingpics. 
love it when you have bale first scorer, 2nd time in a week loveit. 
thank you to all of our parents& guidance staff for our annual academic signing day on thursday! i'll post photos soon! 
scorcher fest returns to the duke again for a huge day of live music! this years record 180 acts! sunday 18th. 
game 3 tomorrow! i'm excited in this shit than the coming professional bowl haha. 
sat here with a cuppa coffee, watching jeremy kyle with target lovely. 
she said that some day soon, the sun was going to shine. and she.couldn't have been more wrong! my valentine. 
first the superbowl now revel will finally be released on dvd on nov 24th! my day is complete! oh how i love my bey. 
safe and sound at flibs we'll be all over the docks tomorrow! 
just watched dream high 2 episode 1, i'll watch it tomorrow for next episode :d . 
awww shit i still got some new amsterdam in the fridge. mmhmm tomorrow after work i am a need that before i go out. 
target i smell a 2nd professional bowl for my boy! best safety in the league! shout out for that solid legal hit! 
ben amos doing well target .another clean sheet. he says he's enjoying the challenge of playing regular 1st team football. 
sneak peek: check out the 12 freebies you can get at cvs on black friday! link in the first comment. 
afterwork social target s. king dr. from 4-9 saturday. steppin,food, drinks. 5 days work and sixth day for relaxation. 
if you haven't seen your good giving guide yet, check it out online. the challenge starts nov 1 - we appreciate your support!. 
channing tatum may not be that good of an actor but he sure as hell can dance ayyye. 
how are you spending your saturday night? i'm currently sitting crying my eyes out to the vow. 
target all i can say is that it was very unrealistic. the 1st movie was better-storyline, dialogue! and of course "the grey" thumbs up! 
tomorrow is last day for early voting in nevada. i am not inspired to vote early. i don't like many of the choices. most suck balls. 
oingo boingo (well, most of the band) tomorrow & leonard cohen on monday. 
harry redknapp 2nd favourite at 7/4 to be next blackburn boss! venkys please make this happen! 
can't watch rafa's "i'll be back" video until the end, it's too heartbreaking i am sad. plus it just reminded me he was up 5/1 in ao 5th set. 
a1 live in cebu at the waterfront cebu hotel and casino on november 23 cebufinest. 
target today is our chinese july 7th valentine's day i hope you will soon find you that she wishes you to be happy happy valentine's day. 
yay! we are front page on will ferrell's funny or die for the 24th time! check it out!. 
higgins "great experience for the young group and to meet with premier league teams a real highlight" "very young squad to play on sat. 
the 10th annual colossal castle contest has begun! the colossal castle contest is one of the longest running. 
they should make february 13th desperation day. 
it seem like it's national kissing day every other thursday! who tf made that shit up! 
target wow look at this another amazing monday "jennette on ellen" in 8 place we do this for you we love you. 
target i am so excited for when you come to northern lights on the 27th it will probably make my life. 
wow my last rt. it's only been 4 years since verm's arrival. he's now captain and will make his 100th start for away from computer on sat. time flies. 
goodnight bots! tomorrow remember 106 & park, motherboard twitter chat, and david letterman with target good day for the bots! 
count day tomorrow shouldnt even go ! winans is crazy. 
ghost rider 2 is some bullshit shaking my head it will be back in the red box tomorrow. 
birthday cake is going to be the song leading us into 4th quarter, count it. 
okay i am off twitter for the night until tomorrow bomb squad enjoy your night love you much! 
thinking thursday: your affectionate worship will lead you into effective warfare! ~narda goodson, 2012 narda's nuggets. 
bulls season tips off wednesday night vs sacramento kings. excited is not the word. 
target getting my xbox back tomorrow! honestly can't wait! - my friends wants a competitive 3v3, see if cole is up for it man! 
eric arc elliott may be the best rapper in flatbush zombies. 
scott & evelyn swanson, both work for fema. happy to host trick-treaters tonight, evelyn heads out tomorrow. 
cant wait to move to hawaii this saturday! promotion, new townhouse, new car & with myking. definitely a happy girl i am happy. 
ghost rider 2's a bad movie compared to the 1st. 
okay, okay.saturday off topic just became worth it.someone came with porto's cheese rolls! 
ahhh just got lauren's email! we are going to snap tomorrow beready. 
they say you are what you eat, but it's friday and i don't care! thank god it's friday. 
hey everyone! who's excited for cosplay casino night tomorrow?! it's in the center for social justice, at our. 
new shit 10 things to know for friday: the u.s. postal service, on the brink of default on a second. new swag. 
heat vs knicks gone be the best series in the 1st round. 
man, i'm sorry for the death of mr.mitch lucker. may he rest in peace. 
just met with cj, banjo player in target come out to neighborhood theatre on june 23rd for the concert! you won't want to miss it! 
tomorrow is going to be an easy day. just show my bib cards for eng which will be like 25 minutes since i'm last then get my test back in math. 
damn. i would totally buy the sun for this. target future of news again: free hawkeye lego with murdoch's sun. 
target the u.s. postal service reported a $5.2 billion quarterly loss, says it is nearly out of cash.<-- sat mail will be gone very soon. 
our se member the alresford community choir to share the stage with brit award winning target on sep 15 target how exciting! 
nobel peace laureate jose ramos-horta warned monday that syria risked becoming a new somalia as he voiced pessim . 
i'm excited for riri's 7th studio album "unapologetic" see the album cover: pic.twitter.com/75swc2pd. 
every thursday i fall more and more in love with maya rudolph. 
target follow target and meet her on november 26. she deserves to meet you,crew & justin. she'll be at the bell center at 4!. 
extra point is no good. its don't screw up 28, morgan state 20 with 5:02 left in the 3rd quarter. 
i keep thinking about the fact that mmg will be in lexington on saturday and i won't be therei am sad.. 
volunteering 4 the obama campaign this am! but i keep waitin 4 olivia to come in yelling "super tuesday is coming people!" targe. 
erotic asphyxiation, evanescence, strip clubs and kaaba have been the topics of my discussions today! happy friday?! 
target hey sue. so excited to see you at wppi you tomorrow. we're coming denial of normal canada and would love to buy you a drink. 
target you proved to be a better scriptwriter than shazia ilmi. ramdev will end fast or move to ramlila where he has permission till 30 aug. 
so june 9th is the day. this is going to be worse the the galaxy foams. 
other than lemon tea&lemonade. coke &pepsi are my 2nd favorites. as unhealthy they are, i cant/wont stop drinking them,they're just so good. 
monday at town ballroom: richie hawtin with loco dice. dude is so awesome. tickets still avail at. 
watched the wiggles for the 1st time. was embarrassed for those men & then i remembered that they are probably filthy rich. 
the knicks got the heat at message tomorrow! going to be tough but we got this! knickstape gonewyork. 
madison don't wipe your black lines off ! "it's like ash wednesday, you don't wipe that shit off. 
how have i missed that today is national margarita day?!?!? kind of doesn't go with ash wednesday. 
tonight's the decider -- will i be at the garden friday night for knicks/heat game 6? here's hoping for a miracle. 
target are you coming to nz tonight or tomorrow morning? waaa i am so confused ). 
my miami heat are going to demolish the new york knicks tomorrow. i am from new york. but sorry knicks! 
blessed is the heart that bends, it will never be broken--- lucas scott good pre-bedtime oth after a busy day! can't wait for tomorrow zzz. 
freestyle wednesday - no problem big l, jay z, mom over shoulder def, black thought, eminem, yelawolf. i love it. 
target come on leo where's endymion. or amsterdam i know he likes amsterdam. those songs are shit compared to the ones i put. 
i just need to chill. can't wait to unleash some aggression at black dahlia murder tomorrow. 
so ready for my birthday. i am happy. the big sixteen! sweet sixteen november 22! 
rita oras on xfactor on sunday which means she'll sing shine yeah light which i love which makes me happy! i am happy. 
just caught the last few minutes of target track endymion on target great track to get ready for work with. its my friday! 
richie hawtin - monday night - buffalo town ballroom - don't miss it! 
dr jan radio 2ue tonight with david oldfield reply kevin rudd's sad loss of family cat. pets deserve honouring because they love unconditionally. 
real test for bayern this weekend against the in form bayer leverkusen. a win at home on sunday will go a long way towards a 15 win streak. 
rondo should be glad the all-star game isn't hosted in don't care with those galaxy foams on. 
just whooped some ass in kill confirmed with target and target tomorrow its back to makin kats cry in gears3. 
i would like to trade president's day and columbus day for the day after the super bowl and july 5th please. 
i have to wait till sunday to see carmelo anthony and the knicks debut? 
target on september 5th, the finder reaches italian television. i am very happy. 
i get to procter the psat with my good friend target tomorrow! it only took them three years to partner us up lol. 
porto is even more amazing as the sun sets. 
heat vs knicks first round of playoffs tomorrow! lebron wade better bring it! 
i guess knicks/heat is on for now. pretty clear that tomorrow's game wasn't going to happen. 
happy birthday to the coolest golfer in bali! i am happy. may you become cooler and cooler everyday! stay humble little sister! 
if you love to dance i hope to see you supporting this event. all info on the flyer! 
the knicks vs nets game got moved all the way to the 26th damn. 
target what lies have they told? catholics may have been 'ethnically cleansed' in some areas but protestants got it worse, no. 
ash wednesday lyric~ she shouts to the east god you better have something better for me cause if this is it, well i want better than this. 
mncim, the rain that stopped last saturday's game wasted our time waitse! maybe ss4 would be playing something better tonight. 
kind of sucks, he missed my classes graduation over something he may or may not have done. 
target i'm singing what makes you beautiful for a school performance tomorrow! wish me luck? any advice? laughing out loud love you, niall. 
valentine day has been cancelled.what? how? you may be asking. but you see it's simple math. 14-2-12 =0. 
are you guys as ready as i am for riri 7th album . come on november 19 i am happy. rihannanavy target rihan. 
first time i ever heard screenshot was in 6th grade and i actually loved it. i didn't know the song at the the time so i couldn't continue to listen. 
proud of aishwarya's french honour: big b: mumbai, nov 2 (ians) megastar amitabh bachchan says he is proud that . 
lack of communication from nycdoe very frustrating regarding reporting time for work tomorrow. thank you uft and target for info. 
intermission fruit cake took a big step towards the title with a hard fought 1-0 win over fellow table toppers the real asynchronous javascript and xml on monday night. 
tomorrow is a good day to listen to lamb of god. 
target lmaooo that's definitely in ajax. i guess i'll give it to yeah in december i am happy. 
with the election right around the corner, rrfp is pleased to announce super tuesday! get an additional 5%. 
the last lecture of the day on a monday to me is like pancake day for fat kids dreamy. 
did you just tell me lucas scott leaves in the 6th season of tree hill with peyton to travel the wolrd? youjustruinedmylife fuckyou. 
having family pictures done on saturday with my 4 favorite girls! hannah, katie , shan and my tam! can't wait! life can't get any better! 
get your sweat suits! it's november and its time to lax! practice tonight, game at target tomorrow. 
can't wait to see carrie underwood on the 27th. 
manuel charr looks confident ahead of saturday clash vs. vitali klitschko: charr didn't look scared as he stared. 
march 3rd 2010 -do you think kevin rudd is superficial? rudd being revealed as a failure auspol. 
banana walnut pancakes and a side of target sausages. slide up to the counter for a soda fountain sunday brunch. 
pastor winans will always be cool with me because 'tomorrow' by the winans is one of my favorite gospel songs! and he sent my nippy home right! 
big fan of the holidays that just involve partying: st. patrick's, 4th of july, halloween, presidents day, etc. 
centre for social justice report on gangs - one year after the riots. d policy may have exacerbated problems. 
target *as i sat and thought* i lied. total praise, thank you, then the winans joints. 
i haven't worn makeup since ash wed. ;o i love it. i don't like it anymore . 
good luck to scouser & soon to be klitschko destroyer target tonight in the echo against target - '12th career knock out tonight. 
the first coolamon rodeo is coming up on november 17! a great day of action and a fun day for the family! 
shaquille o'neal all-star comedy jam at dar constitution hall sat. 8pm nov 3, 2012 washington dc. looks like it will be a great show! 
support: we're excited that stan walker & advocates are running for the kids the sun-herald city2surf soon!. 
thinking neighbors probably don't have work tomorrow. so, it's cool if i turn up the judas priest and just rock out all night, yeah? 
going to south korea or japan for research in my 7th semester.wow it'll be amazing faith. 
good luck to joseph calleja tonight at the brits. see he's appearing at the royal festival hall on friday 11 jan in raymond gubbay concert. 
monday morning caltrain ride from home to work is always to short. i know that i may be in the minority with that opinion. 
target friday's the main day! knicks vs heat. 
so here we go into the early hours with hopefully some great racing from san fran americascup world series. watch it fri 0930 on ss4. 
listening to muse like crazy till i see them, then straight onto evanescence and the who for november 4th, sounds good. 
anyways, good morning. did you know about khader adnan's lecture in ramallah tomorrow evening 7:00 pm in ramallah? do not miss it. 
rudd rains on abbott's parade: kevin rudd may be trying to spoil julia gillard's party but yesterday he gate-cra. 
proud of my mom for all her hard work with best business strategies to get president's circle in sage 50 for the 2nd year in a row! 
i have an important race tomorrow, which determines if we make cif, and i'm sitting here eating donuts. 
watched the 1st season of scandal and all i can say is olivia pope is a bad girl! got season 2 on dvr. 
kerri will be helping out the families in long beach tomorrow. if anyone has water, clothes, non perishables,. 
why these mfs just blastin "rella" like it's the hood on saturday and shit laugh out loud smh. 
lovely day in edmonton. game cancelled today. looking forward to tomorrow.twitter.com/ifhq65ju. 
lots of fun this weekend. we're at the mardis gras casino friday night from 8 to midnight. then on sunday. 
come on rita i know you can do better! 
i'm just looking forward to the knicks verse nets game on thursday! carmelo anthony verse deron williams my two favorite players! 
join us this sunday on the terrace. we're taking it deep all the way :-) filthy rich, deeafro, rob maynard, dj. 
iam not sure if reggie realizes this but statistically gary carter is the 4th greatest catcher in the 100+ years of baseball 8 kid lgm. 
they stop filming 'the butler' tomorrow. and i still haven't found alan rickman! -explanation- he's been filming that movie here in la. 
just watched "project x" for the 1st time, i am unamazed. you all hyped it way past what it was. 
talkin with procter&gamble sound like its the move to make.but well see come thursday for this career fair. 
1st of all in my world theres only good and evil! real people and fake mf's!this is why i really feel jlin won't make it!not durable like yao ming! 
besides the game 1 2nd quarter knicks vs heat game. this might be the poorest officiated game throughout the entire playoffs bro. 
exhausted after a long day at wppi, but ready to do it again tomorrow! 
interview at kentucky fried chicken tomorrow, how the fuck i'm going to understand a single work said idek, i hardly understood the interview set up. 
just finished watching "the bounty hunter", gerald butler & jennifer aniston. checking it out for the 2nd time around. 
interresting to read, except if you work for rim or microsoft (but it may change soon) : the mobile industry in numbers. 
navi rabbit in for spay on tues and she's just had a phantom pregnancy. what timing. this means day of bunwatch and raspberry pi. no city i am sad. 
it needs to storm february 9th so endymion can get canceled and all the parades would then start at 7am sunday. mardigras nola. 
jlin had a nice little bounce back game tonight, hopefully he gets back into his linsanity groove by tuesday. 
target haha, i hardly knew about them and one day i was at her house and she sat me down and made me watch the brit awards with her i am happy. 
on the plus side target have a gig on saturday night at the lexington - come along i am happy. 
you may think i have mono-cellular zulu imbongis at the rate some of these folks are thrown profanity at me. 
let the good times roll! tomorrow is mardis gras at st. philip's, with the bob deangelis dixieland band and gumbo lunch. join us at 10:30! 
evans: mick jagger, 15 oct 12. sir mick jagger calls chris evans with an interesting message about rolling stones. 
catholics tomorrow is the holy day of all saints many many gave their lives for jesus and the church. all the saints defended the church! 
final day at bali. enjoying the last times in sun and temperatures higher then 30 degrees. almost time to going home! 
shit's going down this sat. at neighborhood theatre drop!thard. 
target aki thanks again junior saying he inviting max tomorrow laughing out loud to chill in the house. 
pancakes were delicious and everything's perfect. now off to sleep and then tomorrow it's going to be ascot all day long. 
thank you for making me a woman! target said at constitution hall saturday don't ever ever ever ever let someone make you feel like shit. 
finding out that its national margarita day on a thursday this year just made having no class on friday thaaat much better excited. 
i'm so happy for target i am happy. she is finally showing the world what she gots! blake, hey monday, and now just cassadee pope! i love it. 
it's ages since i had kfc, well apart from the mush in a bun that passed as breakfast last sunday, that doesn't count though. 
effat university wins the 1st "p&g's university challenge" at the procter and gamble's university competition. 
don't worry edmonton tomorrow morning your main streets will be clear and ready for you to drive on ! i better go to bed. 
headlines in n.o. paper tomorrow. denver run all over the aints! 
free dinner for everyone in highschool in edmonton at rahma mosque saturday night at 7 its going to be fun i am happy. 
shouts out to my brother target ! go follow my dude and turn up with him every thursday and sunday night in club bodi ! 
come to mtsu football fan day tomorrow from 2-4 pm at murphy center! meet the team for autographs and enjoy hotdogs and drinks! 
1dfacts on the 21st of february 2012, at 8:39pm on table 74, one direction lifted their first ever brit award for best british single. 
why has no one put a youtube video of todd bertuzzi assaulting steve moore on an ipad while he's in the penalty box? 
prayer with amazing men of god this morning, grocery shopping, arrival of my [2nd] pokemon shirt, and purchased big l's first album. 
target target 3rd?! :o where have i been i thought careless world was the 1st one. 
wish you were eating at jackie o's today? come to the appalachian health summit saturday for delicious jackie o's lunch, & health workshop i am happy. 
calgary tomorrow for the first meet of the season! can't wait to get some early racing done altitude paceit. 
friday love that movie, kind of awkward watching it on thursday though . 
its friendship day coming this sunday and people are reacting like valentine day. 
with the wikileaks releases yesterday, it's only going to help 3rd party candidates make an impact in the election. 
target can you guys please update the schedule in the association mode so that the knicks can play the nets on november 26th. thank you! 
feb 13th at the bell center, bon jovi is back in mtl. just in time for my birthday, i'm just saying :p. 
anyway, sorry for these random tweets about the finder. unfollow for the night. i'll be back to normal sports stuff tomorrow. 
if anyone comes to school with the galaxy foams tomorrow , i'm mugging them . 
knowing the movie industry in kumasi, a movie a titled "ayariga for president" may not be too far away. please don't disappoint me boxoffice. 
got to hold down a dub for that flatbush zombies show on the 1st. throw a blunt on stage or sumn. 
the big l is strictly gunplay i run through church and pistol whip the priest every sunday. damn :. 
golf capsules: nick watney missed a chance for a 59 on sunday in his cimb classic victory, closing with a course. 
awesome talk from awesome target in the star apprentice class tonite on social media! just in time for super tuesday! 
the only thing i may truly miss about lexington is shoto's ! 
knicks vs. pacers in the 2nd round of association mode. upset the 1 bulls. 
just watched act of valor for the 4th time - i do like that movie. 
varitek eager to learn on the job: newly appointed red sox special assistant jason varitek on friday reflected. 
brook lopez the 2nd best offensive center in the national basketball association he not ass. 
last day of work at walgreens tomorrow! i am very happy. 
hope you've got your tickets/tables for plies tomorrow night 10/6 at belo nightclub with san diego! 
this nigga target just hit a full court one handed shot with brook lopez.smh, 21st birthday shit. 
i love my girl evelyn at work she switched shifts with me saturdayi am happy. 
the only bad thing about barack obama having a 2nd term as president is that its always a flop 2nd time round historically. 
ghost rider: spirit of vengeance was a lost cause. you had nowhere to go but up after the 1st movie. and then you decided to dig a hole. 
so disappointed with the movie ghost rider: spirit of vengeance. so not better than the 1st ghost rider movie. 
it's friday before wppi! who is going this year?! i am! before i leave on sunday, i wanted to give out a fun. 
i'm excited to go to the knicks vs. lakers game in december thanks daddy you dumb as hell best. 
finally saw the galaxy foams in person on saturday. let's just say <<< smmfh ugly ass shoes! 
thursday margarita day with poker sign in before 7:15 p.m. and a funtastic time! yeaha friday jaron bell (riannon birthday party) reminder. i am happy. 
jasmine curtis-smith is nominated as best new female television personality in the 26th pmpc star awards for tv. i am happy. 
and also, haven't been able to check and can't be arsed updates since sunday. if anyone hears any news, please pass it along to me. 
project x on a monday night? fuck it. 
i was definitely hype for that knicks and nets game tonight & give brooklyn they 1st l fuck you hurricanesandy. 
i might act like tomorrow valentine day and pamper my girlfriend maybe then she'll feel better. 
don't miss plies at belo nightclub on saturday 10/6 with z90.3 | san diego! get your tickets now -. 
great tetra in india event in mumbai. next event tuesday in jakarta. see you there ?twitter.com/joowaggc. 
a great read with your saturday morning coffee. i'm voting for a pres working on social justice, tolerance, & equality. 
sarah g. day i love you! stay sweet and simple, dude! can't wait for your show on sunday! 
excitement and danger estatesales. found old wwii shells, not inert! spent time with bomb squad! how is that for a monday? 
james murphy may b right-if pretentiousness leads to reading great books/listening to great music, even just to impress-you pry win in end. 
i had a "nightmare" last night where i missed the 2nd rd of my fantasybasketball draft and they autodrafted me jr smith. truestory lol. 
in south korea? unikent is excited to be at the world grad fair in seoul tomorrow. join us at. 
4 more days to go and we're off to the target london conference on saturday - we're excited to network with other youth councils again! 
watney fires 61 to win cimb classic: nick watney fired a 10-under 61 on sunday to rally and win the cimb classic. 
i hope miami does this to the knicks on friday. 
amazing day today. i can't wait for tomorrow; i get my braces then movie night at my boyfriend's house with rosa & jose. 
watching die hard for the 1st time with target & target alan rickman makes this better than it already was. 
target the winans are doing the smash hit "tomorrow" its cool but not the same without all the brothers. more on the whitney memorial. 
if you call me 'good girl' one more time you may find my scolding hot coffee heading towards your crotchal region. 
on the way back to la salle! hehehehe watched unofficially yours for the 2nd time w target & target. 
a big congratulations to kevin mccarthy who was victorious on saturday in the presidents day computer with a fine performance of very steady golf. 
hm , saturday with joey , lauren , dj , and laura sounds about right. i am happy. 
scoop! elmbridge choir performing with brit award classic boy-band blake on may 24th at epsom playhouse! yoohoo how cool is that! 
machine gun kelly concert tomorrow with the best sister in the world girltime realtalk. 
screenshot but they have really good music and it's a very sad thing that mitch lucker died may he rest in peace ripmitchlucker. 
khader exists israeli high court will hear case of khader adnan on thursday. that may well be too late. where are the protests? 
not able to watch the enrile documentary, but i've a sense he (yet again) won't like tomorrow's inq editorial. 
why does the knicks/heat game have to come on tomorrow night during bibleball? oh well i'd rather play than watch any day! 
i am a go see lamb of god tomorrow in hollyweed. come get punched in the fuckin face in the pit. 
tomorrow by the winans is on my heart so heavy this morning. wonder who needs to hear it! 
target happy 16th birthday rella . get drunk for me frl . enjoy your day & wish you many more ! 
you know what, i don't give a shit about tomorrow yolo. 
target thanks for the follow brian! hope you have a super tuesday! 
i got to play that "friday" track by flatbush zombies to finish a great day. 
valor video shoot tomorrow night. hope it's stupid creative! 
bought tickets for sat's nets game before prices jumpd and target allowd seller to reneg with out proof the tickets arent available poorcustomerservice. 
this years national basketball association schedule got me pumped for the season. knicks vs. nets in its 1st nba's battle of new york. we already know its nyk town. 
thanks to all who came down to mardis gras in july at the fullerton downtown plaza last night. all proceeds went. 
this article about senate president enrile is very interesting. i am happy. 
save the date: 11/14, target we've got some surprises coming your way! info on monday. 
my sister just sat up and asked where katie was going to sleep. she is a little too old for an imaginary friend, don't yeah think? 
going to try & watch act of valor for the 2nd time. the part i seen are pretty bad ass. 
target follow target , find her on november 26. meet her. she'll be at the bell center by 4:00pm its her dream 2 meet u!90. 
the eight day of the week: sarah g. where you can party party,laugh,dance and go crazy! sarahglive on sunday guysi am happy. 
these little girls singing "birthday cake" .girl it was year old 10th birthday the other day shaking my head lol. 
i spoke too soon. flight just cancelled. looks like i'm stranded in calgary. i'll try again tomorrow am! eek, i hope i make it iycsask. 
caltrain just can't catch a break. mt target about 10:30 a.m. train 425 struck a female on the train tracks south of 16th street. 
national basketball association the brooklyn nets opener vs. the new york knicks is postponed. it was originally scheduled for thursday evening. 
centre suffering from 'policy paralysis', alleges jayalalithaa: jayalalithaa on tuesday charged the upa governme. 
because after a while you catch yourself eating meatballs on a friday during lent, and you don't care. 
heat vs knicks is going to be the most exciting 1st round series. 
target did you greet josh bradley last sunday, his bday? i hope. i love your loveteam! 
happy birthday mom! the sun is shining bright today i am happy. i miss you always. love, daniela "rella" laughing out loud xo. 
got to love being catholic, sitting in a lutheran church on reformation sunday. i guess the catholics pushed it with the whole "pay" for sin. 
mr. travis took the sats in the 7th grade! nerd fact target. 
lucas scott, c'mon! why'd you die your hair!? 
machine gun kelly concert on the 30th! me & target about 2 shut this bitch down! 
loads of goodies from house of wilde, stylestalker, staple the label, fairground and piper lane will be available tomorrow! stay tuned! 
target i admire you with all my heart, lauren. may the god, that watches over the rest of the world, bless you and keep you happy. 
after that game, i can't wait to see what my heat do to the knicks tomorrow. 
eli young band you were great on cmaawards but you will be even better in starkville tomorrow night i am happy. bulldogbash hailstate. 
roma enjoying a run in the sun pic.twitter.com/mi6hcu86. 
after i tweeted about target gary carter photo facepalm, they removed the mets photo. 2nd choice almost as bad, kid holding mets cap. 
i'm supposed to sleep now because of work tomorrow but sen. johnny enrile's life is interesting it's keeping me awake. 
won tickets on the target show with target to see target at target this sunday. tom's from alsip, right? i am happy. 
dr.eggs live in hong kong with an another super band: halcyon. october 20 at backstage live. get your ticket. 
excited about target for mac.november 8 can't come soon enough! clear for ios + mac = minimalistic todo list nirvana. 
it's wednesday ! target "wookiee photo" funny ! target - what makes you beautiful - one direction cover. 
migraine since saturday & a blood vessel burst yesterday in the eye where it's located. any more and i'll be rocking a marie colvin eyepatch. 
august 11th 2010 was the day i met mitch. i regret not taking a picture with him. i'll miss going to screenshot shows. </3. 
laker fans should take it as a sign that they got beat by the sacramento kings twice in the preaseason.and their starters played the 4th. 
target 1.average age of our team is 0.4 years less than yours 2. starting xi contained 4 1st team 3. we can still win the treble. 
ready to go to lexington with target and target for this game tomorrow night! 
target i have a date with christian kane and the leverage team that i recorded tues, then the finder, sexy!, have fun, night night xx. 
anyone else find it entertaining that ash wednesday and national margarita day fall on the same day? 
tennessee tech's steve payne says murray state does things the right way - oct 24 at 6:47 pm et ?id=1649599269. 
target just wait till we're getting classy with wine on saturday! 
excited for the nuggets game tomorrow! 
khan says chisora won't be the same after his knock out vs haye - is he still dizzy from getting put on his ass on saturday? 
buzzed that i'm going amsterdam on friday! asynchronous javascript and xml tickets could do with turning up though fuckyouviagogo. 
a cheeky 61 by nick watney good enough to win cimbclassic at -22 from target & target target closed with 63 to share 4th. 
so happy hisd has no school tomorrow! no student teaching in the morning! 
target why does not sony promote 1st party games? ac3 commercials are on television all the time. 
ash wednesday is always hard for me, any day focused around ash on your body brings back bad memories for me. 
my love for maya rudolph may be borderline obsessive. i just looove her! 
look how far they've come since july 23rd 2010. they have a smash album, brit award, and the even beat out justin bieber for a tca. 
target optimism: pancake day on sunday. 
cheese curls and wine is a great bed time snack. time for lights out before my regional day tomorrow! haha insidejoke sleep goodnight. 
yeay.hopefully runman ep 91 with eng sub will be out by tuesday.can't wait to watch it!go go go yooruce willis.yoo jae suck jjang! 
i can't forgive farrackhan for the malcolm x thing. and ninjas am not done s**t since the million ninjas march.name one thing.where the. 
sixteen tomorrow oh my god what an breakthrough weekend with all the fellas in the building. 
as i'm watching candyman i realize that its it not scary at all! kind of funny or it may b the liquor either way i'm laffin. 
james murphy best of luck tomorrow little man. you'll do great no doubts. 
i am going to be the black dahlia tomorrow and no ones going to get it because everyone is stupid. 
david haye claims a fight with vitali klitschko "has been agreed", according to the sun. better start protecting that big toe david. 
i may do a 30-mile bike ride for the giants on weds cause you know caltrain is going to suck more than the cardinals. 
bel ami you are one strange movie, but i like you and i must keep watching.i may have to read the book. 
target target target if you don't know hes the vocalist of the metal band lamb of god and is a sort of a 3rd party candidate. 
c'mon. don't play with the winans! 
tons of homework tomorrow, lunch date with joey, back to hw, then magic mike with ash&co. before bed i am happy. 
disappointed the knicks vs nets game got canceled tonight, but i'm even more hyped for knicks vs heat on friday! 
right guys, last competition of the night. like this status for a chance to win a copy of judas priest's 30th. 
gumby may be the answer to our forward woes. the bomb squad never stop believing, and we never stop believing in gumby. 
target no thank god it died down tuesday morning, i woke up and it was gone! we just need to recover from it! 
target mr. monday night just made my thursday night'! target mohrstories. 
downloading duels for ipad now. finally magic on the perfect device. i may never play mtgo again. 
listen in hour 2 for an expansive interview with poet frank x. walker who present his works at murray state on november 1. 
price may have laid out fraundley harrison out pretty bad and easily, but still both klitschko brother wipe the floor with him. 
can't wait until april 7 going to see riri in concert. 
they tried to pull a fast one and say today is margarita day but that is false. we may be drinking margaritas but it is not margarita day! 
oh an i also picked my starting xi for the 1st bangla test on target site. couldnt decide between fidi an tino! i like fidi though lol! 
may 27 it going down me, target and target throwing a graduation party! at mardis gras 4275 winchester rd suite 6 pm until 12! 
careless world tour hit up 8 places in cali. haha the fuck, yoo. 
target just heard you're coming to calgary on the 23rd! best news ever! you're going to kill it man! i am happy. 
still my favorite pose of you, i am happy. pancakes tomorrow, glad you're here, we missed dj marcus! sweet dreams!twitter.com/uzlcnbpe. 
dream high 2 premieres on feb 20th with eng sub through kbs world! okay noted. 
the winans singing tomorrow. they still got it. 
no knicks tonight, this makes me upset enough that i haven't tweeted about it, you know shits got to be real shaking my head tomorrow night, knicks/heat. 
holger may have another selection headache with carl valeri coming off with a possible injury after 30 minutes in tonight's game v cesena. 
target i'm going to be at your santos party house this saturday for the "weird by weird standards" party. stop by and we'll rage! 
missing hooters,my husband,my life,my photoshoot tomorrow,guess i'm going to drink this bottle of wine with a xanax and pass the fuck out. 
robert pattinson paid tribute to his bel ami co-star uma thurman as he presented her with an award at the 19th w . 
new haven ct! come to the teen center and party with us august 31st and help us end "the coming alive tour" with a bang! i am happy. 
this is the 1st halloween my kids didn't go trick or treating. kind of sad they are too old for it now. 
hung out with my housemate more. she's awesome! went to crows nest festival, celebrated my dogs 5th birthday. 
ermahgerd, why is it only 10:46am?! i want sunday to come already. shopping spree at the florida mall, yes yes yes. 
super tuesday is just a few days away, can the president make it? 
girls gone wild gon be at my school thursday shit gon be crazzzyy make sure i be my ass on campus laughing out loud npu. 
gamble landed at ludlow with our first target selection hold court winning at 13-8 from 9-2. super duty ran well in 2nd and will be. 
tragickingdom is the best album of all and my favorite song off this album is excusememr. sunday morning and sixteen are close seconds. 
okay if you go to elon university and do not go to the rip_chords concert saturday.you're sinning. 
kevin rudd talks about pm betrayal - updated: 19:00, sunday oct 28, 2012 senior labor mps are again batting divided . 
love this vid! 1st time i've seen it!--- jules explains it all - david archuleta sings "nandito ako." ?v=eiatafsfjpk&sns=tw via targe. 
big day tomorrow! all sandy is going to do is give us a half as bj! eastbound on stage at big fish shtick 2:30pm. then zombie bar crawl! 
fyi. wednesday is going to suck on caltrain, if you even plan on going to work that is. 
morgan state & hampton univ go head to head at the nyulclassic on nov 17 at yankee stadium! target we'd love to see you there! 
max might have to get put down tomorrow </3 absolutely heart breaking if i have to see my puppy go. love you. 
my social media week starts tomorrow, kicking off with 'socialising the internet of things'. sounds intriguing. 
jeremy lin has 10 points and 4 assists. he would be the 4th best page on the knicks. 
hey mr "ego" october.gary carter & kirby puckett are hofers as are you.the difference is.they were class acts.which you aren't! 
i haven't been able to look at todd bertuzzi the same way since the steve moore incident. 
surprisingly, i will still bob my head to anything from mick jagger to son of sardar. yes, you may judge me now. 
somehow eyeshadow smeared to the center of my forehead. i look like a participant of ash wed. and i pulled out chunks of eyelashes :/ fuck. 
act of valor may have just become one of the best movies i've ever seen. 
friday night knicks vs heat if you not watching the game with me don't fuck with me lbs i be engaged like a motherf**ker knicksnation teammelo. 
i wish it was sarah g. day 'cause that's my funday my i don't have to runday it's just another manic monday. 
ecuador worried about assange's health - ecuador says it is concerned about the health of the wikileaks founder, jul. 
beautiful washington monument in don't care as the sun sets: what a walking path! 
i rented sherlock 2 and ghost rider 2 this last friday! they were both good! i rented journey 2 last night! it had a really cute guy in it! 
i'm so ready for target to get here tomorrow! another fun weekend in starkville with my sweet boy! 
fuck it, might go see reggie tomorrow . 
i just got my vans for tomorrow:d yay and my shirt green i have a grup that going to be lile that:d yay photo tomorrowi love it. 
now watching national collegiate athletic association finals game 3 in tv5! may the best team win! 
we always get pushed out to ss4 with ben sheppard. could be worse. could be thursday night with colin murray afc. 
what a perfect day for a wedding workshop! the idea was born at wppi in feb.and not only is it finally here it. 
men tomorrow you will have one of your hardest patrols.cif turn in lets hope i have everything. 
so lucky that i'm off college tuesday, wednesday and thursday next week when i'm going watching evanescence on tuesday night :d. 
umes followers don't forget, umesvolleyball takes on morgan state today at 3! be there or be really bored because it's a sunday. your choice. 
bad news, no gibbs for saturday. unless we play tv5 at lb, we have lost before it's started. santos is a liability and will be cut to shreds. 
procter isn't even here yet for my sat room and everyone else is about to start.how awesome is that? 
ash., you may say anything about her but she is one of the prettiest women in india, happy birthday aishwarya rai. 
watching act of valor. looking forward to ultimatfighterfridays next friday (: really think target has the contract in the bag. 
going to make some food and watch act of valor. spending my friday night relaxing. 
pakistan news procter and gamble sales fall 6.7 %: p&g said net earnings in the quarter to september 30 fell to. 
i think i may have spent too much on carmelo anthony. i only hope that his thick-framed black glasses will console me in the post-season. 
ghost rider 2 sucks compared to the 1st, my mom ash are looking at it and i told them the same haha. 
siapin nih.like a g6,that what makes you beautiful,just dance,boom boom pow! ready for the day after tomorrow. 
right then.diet starts monday, probably not the wisest choice with christmas coming up.but i am going to smash it! 
playing jacinto on gears3 on guardian for the 1st time and its raining wth. 
imaaa be gone until sunday the 19th ! i am happy. 
this is a most excellent wed! the 2 boxes of porto's goodies that just showed up at studio re-enforcing this! 
karma vs flow! join us this sunday on the terrace. we're taking it deep all the way :-) filthy rich, richie. 
vta scores td on 3rd drive ledesma pass to winans ztra point good 10-0 with 8 minute left in 2nd qtr. 
how can you hate on yolo.please tell me how living your 2nd time is. 
tbt representing the w&m sweatshirt on my 2nd birthday. i had a sweet lion king cake too. 
i know i'm only on the 4th season of oth, but i don't understand why everyone loves lucas scott. he pisses me off. 
target i have lots of spare jars. marmalade is the one 'jam' g&i have not yet made. so glad you found ash wed easy & uplifting. 
target josh bradley turns 23 tommorrow! july 15. hope all is well with you! enjoying your music. have some halo-halo! 
friday - dracula time again at the leicester square theatre at 7.00pm. not doink anysing? come and join van helsing! it is i! 
4ths are in striking distance of promotion & the title. sunday is presidents day. be great to get as many of us together. 2pm legends v club. 
wow. tiger fires a 63 but not good enough. nick watney shoots a 59 if he birdies the 18th?!? 
hope to see you at our social media week event in glasgow tomorrow. 
i find it funny that this is the 5th year in a row that brad paisley and carrie underwood have hosted the cmas. 
tomorrow i plan on playing blackops zombies, gears3, and maybe modern warfare 3 all day thanks to my today live code. anyone down for some gaming? 
if barack obama cared 4 the people of nice job he would lift union ban like george bush did 3days after katrina. sandy october failed leadership. 
this time tomorrow, target and i will be well on our way to starkville for a sick weekend.the usm game is going to be atrocious. 
don't get paid till saturday but i am going traffod centre tonight, cba. 
ghost rider 2 was good but it was super trippy. 1st one is better. 
i can't wait to cruise walgreens tomorrow for all the half-price avatars. 
khader adnan may be released, but the struggle continues. 1,600 palestinians are on an open ended strike as of today to mark prisoner day. 
happy birthday to the one and only josh bradley! haaamaaazing! may birthday ang character no idea david extreme droll nanditoako. 
act of valor was just as good the 2nd time watching it. 
target i would really love to get a ps vita. my sisters 16th is coming soon and she would be overjoyed if she gets one. 
i've always liked the sun devils they have great representation on girls gone wild. 
big l may be my favorite artist right now. even though he gon. 
good day eventing today with a win on endymion entrechat an a 5th with viscount oscar! very early start tomorrow for event 2 in hampshire. 
is this cif piece meant to be funny? i mean, other than in the unintentional sense of being ironically humourless. 
a 19th journo murdered in somalia / tokyo 2020 unveils stadium design rivals/ why madrid says it needs 2020 olympics /. 
nirvana reflexology spa may have just saved my foot today . i highly recommend. 
fireworks go on sale tomorrow. i'm sorry, but after experiencing independence day in the states, nz fireworks can't impress me at all. 
remember that one time in the 4th grade when i loved the parent trap so much that i gave it up for lent. 
i am so tired that zulu is the 1st word that pops in my mind. 
our 1st xi went through against liverpool 4th xi with a 2-1 victory aet thanks to an extra time winner from man of the match target. 
tough one tonight for the boys. played hard but came up short with a 4-1 loss with an eng. davies scored the lone goal. la ronge tomorrow. 
target i'm having king cake for my birthday tomorrow. i can't wait. it's the best part of getting older. 
strangely, national margarita day is feb 22nd. think we'll celebrate tomorrow anyway. happy cincodemayo! 
watching last night's redeye - the target hipster may just be the greatest character since stevie on eastbound & down! 
gerald green will show on a good team that he's more than just a dunker. kid can do it all. 2nd biggest surprise behind jlin nbarank. 
meet the amazing race philippines contestants. watch it on tv5 starting tomorrow. i am excited for this show. 
i still want that birthday cake remix that i wanted on saturday. 
it's josh bradley's birthday tomorrow. so what time is the party? 
why is my mind doing this to me? 1st i think about max and how he always knows when i'm sad and now i think about what happens when he dies. 
in honor of national margarita day come and enjoy $3 margarita's, and the usual wednesday specials $1 drafts and free food buffett! 
twitter: "we found someone you may know on twitter! kevin rudd target - federal member for griffith." straya. 
friday - yearbook ordering deadline! your child is going to want one of these, and they are so easy to order online. 
robert pattinson paid tribute to his bel ami co-star uma thurman as he presented her with an award at the 19th women in hollywood. 
target akin and murdoch are scum, but rape jokes aren't much better brah. 
the nicest teacher in the world (mr. gave us an extra day for our homework and i still didn't do it! guess who's waking up early tomorrow. 
i'm all for 2nd amendment rights but it would be nice to make machine gun kelly illegal. 
vitali klitschko stopped manuel charr in the fourth round to retain his wbc world heavyweight title saturday night. 
i just came back from mexico city. i will fail 2 subjects for not going to school for a week. if rih comes to mexico in the 14th. 
paparazzi is a filipino showbiz oriented talk show that airs every sunday on tv5. get the juiciest and freshest. 
10 ps4 launch games wed love to see. these are our hopes & dreams sony, be gentle with them: opm: a new. 
target great to meet you sat. if you're free weds 24 oct 9pm for our residency: leicester square theatre, we'll sort you a comp. 
wish i was going to the rodeo tomorrow night with everyone i am sad. stupid surgery. 
i can talk about malcolm x all day. like when i got kicked outta school in 8th and 9th grade for being too radical about black panthers. 
mee& my grandpa are going to the rita game tomorrow cutiepies. 
tomorrow, the jimmy donn "eastbound & down" pre-order begins. only 100 pre-orders will be available. and it's a pretty sick combo pack! 
target lol! jason & ethan went tues & thought it was good. i didn't fancy going & cole was out all day & night with archie! 
ignored again man see v asynchronous javascript and xml itv tues, celtic v barca skys2 wed, target sort it out yeah fuds. 
rodeo miami named rodeo of the year for the 3rd straight year! congratulations to the rodeo miami team! 
the heat is gunna kill the knicks tomorrow. 
target bill, murdoch may have apologize for saying what he said but he hasn't changed his view on the matter. 
congratulations to the jurupa valley jaguar water polo team. placed 2nd in league and have a chance to go and do something in cif. 
i can't believe the 3 important people in my life are going to hawaii friday without me. 
got a bit of sun today! cant wait to tan tan tan! nz weather i love you. i am happy. 
knicks vs heats friday its going down. 
if target wins the target title at royalrumble, then he would have to defend it in his 1st ever elimination chamber match. 
well, i haven't done any homework in the past hour, but, i do know the lyrics to forevermore , wya and nandito ako by heart now. i am happy. 
check out the performance these brave youngsters did one saturday morning at sylvia park. this is truly a great. 
target after the game on sunday i expect roma to be even more determined that they otherwise would be. 
ramdev's jailed aide's picture with freedom fighters at ramlila: new delhi, aug 9: controversy erupted at the. 
tonight, i roast a chicken. tomorrow, i make chicken soup. love my job but wish i could cook for social justice. 
bomb squad bake sale thursday the 25th ! don't miss out. 
lemon drizzle cake man gave me a free latte, and it's possibly the best latte i've ever had. i'll be back tomorrow to give him all my money. 
rdm seriously believes last night proves sunday's defeat was unjust? if anything, i'm surprised our first xi didn't vagina you on sunday. 
khader adnan is a hero, he's the palestinian spring and hopefully the spark of a 3rd intifada. 
speaking of king cake, the 1st time my mom had some, she ate the baby. got stuck in her throat and she had to got to the doc to get it out. 
dethklok, all that remains, and black dahlia murder in november? i can dig it! 
playstation vita will receive great additions and games: as you may have seen with our previous web log post on the. 
can today already be over with? i am ready to go to murray state tomorrow! collegevisit i am happy. 
enjoyed watching the people working out during the tour of technogymvillage in cesena, italy. workouts for attendees tomorrow. 
target see you guys on the 6th of october in bathurst along with stan walker. can't wait! :d. 
i think target should come back to calgary. saw him in september and yeah, he's hot. i love him. i love it. nuffsaid comeback love. 
simon crean still can't support the way kevin rudd was spilled from the role of pm - herald sun. 
you only live once really you going to tell me that i am living my life it may not be how it use to be but i love my life way more being a mother rns. 
social media week is right now! can you tell i'm excited? smwvan i'll be at the target event tomorrow, see you there! 
may god be with and protect everyone else from the storm that's about to hit constitution hall. 
cool cdnpoli rttarget call the hospital in iqaluit & press 2 for english. experience an aboriginal language as 1st choice. 
tomorrow i get my hands on my copy of vlr for ps vita. hopefully the postive impression i got from the demo carries over to the full copy. 
woohoo going to spend all day thursday shopping at the florida mall i am happy.) yay shoptilwedrop. 
ahhh, the sun is shining, the birds are singing and this nirvana track i have on is bringing it down. 
yolo? ofcourse, but with in that life span you may be an become 5 difference ppl, the life we live in aint the only life we gone have, be smart. 
national basketball association playoffs today! the heat vs knicks series is going to be crazy! luckily celticnation don't play till sunday lets go celtics! 
good luck to girls tennis as the take on south torrance today on 1st round cif! 
pictures of the day: 18 october 2012: a playful amazon river dolphin, usain bolt's shoes and mick jagger. 
bear with me for the power crisis: jayalalithaa: chief minister jayalalithaa on wednesday asked the people of tamil. 
but rest assures i am watching degrassi, and loving it may i add. (. 
knicks vs heats gone be the best 1st round series in the playoffs. 
horrible dream lady night.i'm tiered but today is my friday and its the start of the rodeo tonight hearthorses. 
going through my 7th grade yearbook just makes me laugh. 
target these people cannot know who mick jagger is.you am not old, old school maybe but c'mon! mick jagger has a lot more years than you! 
okay i'm sorry but taylor swift looks nothing like jackie oh so stop comparing the two. come on america aren't you sick of her yet? 
just walking to the victor! happy 21st birthday lauren! 
imaaa be the 1st tongan hooper in the national basketball association fact. 
good monday everybody! wish we could start this morning with a little king cake. 
i just realized that the boys won their brit award on my birthday february 21 then i was like partying that time they recieved it! 
white day. one month after the valentine day, march 14th. it's a romantic day! 
good result tonight, though! part one of rodgers' gamble paid off. have to wait for sunday for part two. if we win that, we're off! 
i am going home and throwing this up. my diet starts tomorrow. -target. 
happy sixth of may, or what's referred to as national hate the inventor of the margarita day. 
watched act of valor for the 3rd time and almost cried again! i love that movie! 
just got the last win of the season! 2nd place in league woohoo woot! cif here we come! i am happy. 
can't wait for opening night at madison square garden. will be there for the knicks/heat game on friday! 
son if deandre learned anything more than dunking.he could be the 3rd best center in the league. brook lopez's rebound numbers hold him back. 
target hi, would love to organise a photo pass to shoot the evanescence gig in london on 9th, who can i contact to arrange? 
happy 4th from the bomb squad! 
has just won two tickets to evanescence on monday boom! thanks target. 
was going to watch brooklyn nets - new york knicks tonight but it got postponed, knicks going to get butt-fucked by miami tomorrow i am sad. 
5 days of rodeo in one week time i am happy. so excited! 10th year going cfr12. 
ghost rider 2 is out on monday. ignore it. 
it's fucking friday! so it's only right to bump "friday" by flatbush zombies at ignorant levels. 
target just sat in with king cake. fun times! 
girls gone wild! target target just a little bit of fun in the sun! target target fun sun par. 
i don't want to go to school on monday . my excuse will be that hisd doesn't have school laughing out loud . 
i may not be a diehard fan of screenshot but all the things i've heard about this man make him sound like a hero. 
life is good, imperial woodpecker sno-balls are back! 124 macdougal between 3rd and bleecker. bring on the king cake! target snogood! 
today, april 17th (palestinian prisoner's day), is ironically the day israel claimed it would release khader adnan. no action yet. 
today for the first time i noticed how gorgeous it is when the sun comes up over the washington monument. 
lamb of god is coming to town on the 12th! oh my god i'm sooo excited extreme droll i can't wait to get into the pit and go crazy! i am happy. 
i have to drive with ms. pope saturday. kill me now. 
okay all you all catholics, tomorrow be a holy day of obligation. be sure to get you all a** to mass. 
just handed in my application for the marie colvin scholarship at the sunday times. an exciting moment. 
ghost rider: spirit of vengeance was a lost cause. you had nowhere to go but up after the 1st movie. and then you decided to dig a hole. 
target you do realise that in like 50 years, us barbz will be sat in a nursing home still wanting the rim video i am sad.. 
o. johnson commits his 3rd foul! he's cold off the bench with 3 fouls and a turnover in q4. pacers losing 98-87, 4:52 left. 
have you got your tickets yet? london's newest whorehouse opens next saturday! leicester square theatre. 
tomorrow.walmart, target, walgreens, cvs, kroger, whoever.i'm coming for that discounted candy.be ready for it. i am happy. 
3 wickets in 1st session, eng bowlers will be extremely happy! just tiwary, raina and saha left along with yuvi. rayudu should've played! 
looking forward to rocking it out at roma's in louisa on saturday night! hope to see everyone there! no cover! 
i love you too riri! can't wait for friday! i love it. 
1st 5-star review. colour of lemon sets off like a bullet train with the gruesome murder of one of sowerbutt's own. 
will evelyn ever finish her hw? the world may never know. 
it makes me feel so gay that i just set the classical brit awards to record tomorrow haha oh dear. 
ready to see the sixers play the nuggets tomorrow! 
happy 13th birthday to one of my favorite boys, zachary! he's growing up so fast, he's almost as tall as me. 
depending on your sensibilities, unofficially yours may seem progressive or derivative. too bad the leads can't supply the heat it needed. 
i'm driving in to long beach saturday. if anyone has clothes, food, cleaning supplies, linens to donate please let me know! thank you! 
the fact that so many will vote for a socialist fake liar for president is very very frightening and may bring america to ruin! 
swing by the all arts market friday night at neighborhood theatre! come buy local and start your christmas shopping earlyi am happy. 
team rita, oh you fancy huh? 2nd place, trophies, eatin' at the blackwell 2nd place, trophies, eatin' at the blackwell. oh you fancy huh? 
hisd's chief financial officer will retire in december: i hope the rest of the finance staff will answer my questions! 
got a lot of work done tonight, kind of proud. tomorrow is going to be a good day, happy friday. 
target endymion is now rocking the charts, what nexts? come on tell us something. 
target do you know what time you come on tomorrow night at santos party house? can't wait to see/hear you! 
south korea is the 7th country that have the most beautiful womans agreed. 
i really thought hisd didn't have school tomorrow because it was christopher columbus day. 
hopefully doing a meet and greet friday night with stan walker and elen levon :d bring on the celeb life! 
the brits are punishing us for american releases always being late across the pond. skyfall to come out on november 9th. 
come walk with us tomorrow! see you at lent's park at 10 am for registration. looking forward to a big crowd and a sunny day! 
i still remember the first time i heard what makes you beautiful on the radio. it was february 25th. 
watching ghost rider: spirit of vengeance. it's much worse when you may have thought. 
watched some of the cmaawards because of hayden panettiere & saw carrie underwood do gangnam style! laughing out loud it will be the 1st billion views video! 
national basketball association is back !' my main man just joking starting at the three for sacramento kings gets chance to show bulls even more of what they lost tomorrow. 
such bull s**t : emails will start going out tomorrow. thank you, everyone, for your patience! 
project x is the best film ever made and someone with money needs to have one, like this friday. 
it's friday love question time - i'm answering as many love questions as possible with cards and astrology - now! 
1st free.edom taken away. cant buy your size of soft drinks.religious freedom for catholics. obama.coming for you. 
news: plan b confirms february uk tour with support from labrinth and rudimental! 
holy drunk! wine, johnny walker and beer are not a great combo esp on a thursday night to many emotions too much sadness, calling it a night. 
got so much accomplished today ! i hope to see lots of happy faces tomorrow target rim for the wine&cheese info for bella bay ! i am happy. 
mixin it up. playlist from the winans "tomorrow" to target "today" to target "good day" to target "it is well" yup! 
my gosh! nandito ako not applicable nia 3 ang guess what? andito si mon tulfo! lolokohin knock out nga! hahaha annabelleenglish101 i shall play with him! 
todd bertuzzi made the best of the nhl lockout wednesday, but while having his son join an. 
it makes me happy to see that ron jaworski isn't on monday night football. suck it target. 
excited for sarah g. live, and today is the 5th day of sarah g. day i am happy. 
kind of just want to stay home and cry all day tomorrow. 
the biggest mistake lucas scott ever made wasn't almost marrying lindsay or moving in with dan, it was shaving his head in the 2nd season. 
he may be a cheap shot scumbag, bit i fuck with todd bertuzzi. 
seeing carrie underwood on the cma's is making me beyond excited for saturday night, carrie and hunter hayes, here we come! i am happy. 
target you may have a few extra followers from glasgow scotland tonight. we all agree max would make a better girlfriend than the blonde girl. 
after a truly amazing & blessed 1st day target london conference we are soon to embark upon day 2!come & take time out to learn truth. 
new post on blog! hope to see you all this saturday target cesena! with target family too!. 
i love the drive to starkville can't wait till i make it into the college in january achiversparadise onthereal. 
apple can't innovate or manage supply chain: cupertino, ca - october 04: apple ceo tim cook speaks at the event introducing the new iphone. 
so glad that the classical brit awards are on itv 1 on sunday have set the record button just in case i forget to watch. 
next tuesday night it's man city v asynchronous javascript and xml on itv followed by us election night that goes on till 6am. good job i don't have uni on wednesday. 
the brits don't need us-style debates. they debate every wednesday. then again, the uk parties don't have to work together. usually pmq. 
big week. revs tonight, ice cream target tuesday, and upstairs for project x target wednesday for halloween. totally buzzing. 
i hope i get to meet carmelo anthony tomorrow at the knicks rally hopeful. 
maybe behind the times but has espn taken ron jaworski off monday night crew? not complaining. easyontheears nicesurprise. 
hey, it's gary carter bobblehead night when the clones come to vt on saturday. 25 cent hot dogs and fireworks on friday. 
i am so mad at catholics i am going to a baptist church tomorrow and converting boilingmad. 
. dmdk party led by actor vijayakanth may not sustain for a long time under the shrewd politics of jayalalithaa. 
target massive congratulations on the best roots album award in nz! looking forward to sharing the stage monday in melbourne town. 
*curls up next to papa on the front porch* "going through baseball withdrawal?" i ask him. "hardly, circe. playoffs start tomorrow. 
target mallshow with the pbbunlimited big 4 + wendy, divine, deniesse at pacific mall legaspi landco plaza, april 30, 6pm! i am happy. 
martin stupid "1st notice, 2nd notice, a don't let me catch your ass in the street notice. 
target we may not win academy awards, but we will be the freaking people's choice dammit! 
our last draw for an hd television is today, 24 feb., at noon. good luck, everyone! details to enter the pplhdtv comp: !/postcodelottery/status/163956791691063297. 
yelling i'm so proud of my son trayvon he'll be getting acknowledge in tomorrow assembly he is student of the month. just thanking god! 
we love free! celebrate with fox theatre for their 5th anniversary!. 
and the new season opener is against the dallas stars on thursday, oct 25. you probably shouldn't buy tickets yet. call me cynical. 
i just hope danica meets justin tomorrow. and danielle. they both deserve it. they support justin with everything they have. 
target you get it boy! hey, thanks for the champagne & nummies.very much appreicated & glad you & laurin made it sunday.thanks poof. 
writing up my case study so i can enjoy my weekend by going to raleigh friday && babysitting my favorite twi. 
going to see target and target along with all the other target superstars december 3rd in greensboro not cool i am happy. 
may even get to watch the north london derby match at emirates for the first time next season! 
cabin fever 2 drops tomorrow. no way it'll be better than taylor allderdice but i'm still pumped for it. 
wish i couldve went to see miss may i tonight at house of blues -.-. 
attn: runway class for tonight nov 1st is cancelled. sorry for the inconvenience. it will be rescheduled for next. 
and i never had a good time i sat by my bedside with papers, poetry about estella. 
the tri-cities fever beat the wichita wild friday night to win the intense conference championship for the second. 
and i never had a good time while sat by your bedside with papers and poetry about estella. 
my godsister better take her ass straight home after school tomorrow. nca won't be the place for her to be after school. 
panellist from world bank presentating on understanding the potential for youth and women and what may help guarantee success gcard2 c22. 
false start penalty, garner moved early. brings up 3rd and 16 from the yale 47. 
target kickball tournament is on its way mizzouspirit pic.twitter.com/yesqdkgj . the tigers are coming back strong tomorrow! 
if i don't feel a1 tomorrow i'm not going to school rs! 
10th grade i said nipsey hussle the best rapper out. everybody was like hell no then when the marathon came out everybody was on his nuts. 
target thanks fa the love! i'm coming to greensboro not cool dec. 1-8 make a appointment. i am happy. 
it's the clash of the century - we're taking on target and target at bowling tonight. may the best show win. 
target eonni! please win the mama award for ost! and take care, i want to see you on jan 19. an ordinary fan from somewhere! 
brief-clearwire says has enough funding to last it until end q3 2013: oct 25 (reuters) - clearwire corp : * say. 
but a very happy 21st birthday to my niece's mommy, jess. i love you with all my heart and miss payton too, who will be 1 in 12 days. 
jeff, joseph arthur and the amazing richard stuverud. fox theater in bolder, november 18th. do not miss this!. 
laughing my f**king a** off , she gone die . all the niggas gone be at nca tomorrow. 
watching the lorax with my boys. happy saturday. 
come support ballard field hockey in the semi-finals tomorrow at 7:15 at bellarmine! bruinfam studentsection loudandproud. 
semi-finals tomorrow are going to be gay. 
this looks like a nice place to spend a friday afternoon. chalet of the week, chardon, val d'isere. 
if dontari poe runs the 40 .3 slower at the nfl combine, he's maybe a 2nd round pick. nice work chiefs. 
sister is rubbing it in my face the fact that she has no school tomorrow and i do, ulazysackofshit thalia its all love though lmao. 
no wait! mick foley will be at smu from 10 to 11 am on 03 nov. but i still unsure on whether to go see kewei in the evening. 
perfect pairing. the singapore slingers plus the white ghost shivers august 31. 
this made my day. girl scout cookie orders start on friday in md. i have an unhealthy obsession with thin mints . 
a new favorite: jason vernau live at surfcomber march 16 th 2012 miami wmc pool party with robbie rivera & friends. 
looking forward to the nest prizefighter on nov 3rd at bethnal green - light middleweights turn - 2k bonus added for each ko, incentive. 
delicious grilled cheese with ham cooked in sun dried tomato, parmesan & garlic oil from olive that in montclair pic.twitter.com/wf0pnshq. 
hey good half fans, we all must support target in the upcoming season of dwts, premiering tomorrow night! the pride of port charles! 
tomorrow october 25 il divo is presented in the valence forum here in venezuela! and i'm not going hahaha. 
who wants to go with me tomorrow night to go see target at the roxy theater? tickets are cheep. thanks and please please please! 
excited for halloween tomorrow i am going to be jake from state farm. 
target i may say bad words too but that doesn't mean i lost my christianity, i love you god true. 
i may be in the minority here, but i feel like george harrison pulled off the "full hobo" look better than john lennon. 
won the 400 and the 200 and came 2nd in the 800 at tayside and fife championships! 
target congratulations rona for the 5th place in eurosong contest. you deserve more than thisi love it. 
target i know its a long shot but can anyone help with a ticket to the north london derby on nov 17? i'd be forever grateful. 
i haven't bought my keep in touch and no crap sherlock is tomorrow. my frame of mind right now is just leaveityeah. 
working in the bye nam exhibition again tomorrow and photographing the new exhibition at turner house in the eve, excited! 
i hope that rammstein gets played on the wedding dancefloor tomorrow. that would mean 4 of my teenage booze mates will have had it. 
support emerging scholars tomorrow at 12 noon for the annual kickball tournament . 
looking for some free fun? come to target friday to see the classic camp films "cobra woman" & "jungle island.. 
i liked 'kendrick lamar - the rave / eagles club - september 22, 2012 .' in the the rave / eagles club app. 
i may go off the grid till 11/7. "christians" keep driving me further from christianity. pregnancy after rape is science, not "god's will. 
target can't wait to see you guys thursday at gampel, it's going to be freakin' awesome! 
lowering the bar may have found the first recusal motion to cite girl scout cookies. thin mints are criminally good. 
save the night, save the day. save the love, come what may. love is worth everything we pay. tebaklagu duet barat *clue, ost.nya zorro*. 
can't believe i may have seen the play of the year in the preseason! jeremy evans just put turiaf in his place! slamdunkchampion sctopten. 
skatenight tonight 8pm stardust skate center free before 9:30pm hosted by saab its always fun when you rolling! haha x1. 
may not know spanish but shit whenever i listen to il divo i just want to flash my scarlet! 
oh my god mali music is going to be in philly tomorrow! at the liacouras center, performing at the kingsmen tour! i'm so sad. 
hopefully i have a better day tomorrow.today was just cow shit.im going to big bang concert so of course it's going to be bomb! 
last day of our max conference here at twickers with mark and eric up presenting the roadmap after an awesome 1st day yesterday maxcc. 
tomorrow venus will eclipse in front of the sun, an important cosmic event that will prepare humanity for the. 
congratulations to trey haley, shawn armstrong (target and alex monsalve for being named to the afl's rising stars team. game is sat at 8pm. 
going to olive garden with my family! so happy it's my 15th birthday! 
it looks like my brother is going to see a$ap rocky tomorrow sigh his life needs to stop being significantly better than mine. 
with a 7-2 win last night, the norfolk admirals tied the american hockey league record with their 17th consecutive win. fantastic stuff. 
normally i prefer a spot of rammstein on a sunday morning - perfect for doing the ironing or a spot of aggressive furniture polishing. 
love this song! one of my favorites for sure. can't wait to see you tomorrow at the roxy! 
depaul will be back practice, wine, and football, dinner with big brother in lincoln park = great saturday. 
today i came to the world of television, who knows, but may be very soon i will be interviewing big time rush? i wish this all my soul! i love it. 
target is coming up this weekend! we're super excited! playing the blue stage on sat night right before a$ap rocky! 
performing tomorrow at the harold washington cultural center with target come support the team pic.twitter.com/9yegfkrz. 
i miss my bestfriend,octaveia, my cousin ,april . my bestie,kaliyah, tricey, dasia,mikia,& the other people i miss with at richwood ! 
are there any aussie directioners from canberra? going there on the 12th of september would love to meet some more aussie directioners i love it. 
show up at our 2nd shop and dan is listening to rammstein.today is going to rule du duhast duhastmich. 
big day tomorrow! rvc will be back get their national championship rings and an exciting new era of mbb begins! good luck target and coach opat! 
i hate as soon as possible on friday ! why i have busy always in the end of week i am sad. 
metropcs launches the galaxy s iii on october 22, price is $499: good news for metropcs cust. more after redirect. 
we're excited about our cinemonkeys session before the lorax next wed 31st - perfect half term entertainment! call me at 12.30pm, lorax at 1.30pm. 
i love thursdays.grey's anatomy.one day closer to friday.and no driving to huntsville. 
rtesoccer robbie keane saying he always knew germany was going to finish 1st in the group! winningmentality coybig. 
il divo - somewhere i am going to see them in dubai friday ,love ,adore them. 
hey la music folks. you going to hardsummer aug 4&5 losangeles' most significant music festival. go destructo! 
target come on pires! enjoy the show! shout out to people in the u.k. and ireland wouldn't go astray! it's almost 3 am on a sunday! 
glad martin showed up though. hopefully it will work out in the long run. get out there tomorrow night! 
i'm still obsessed with werth.not on a jeff carter level more on a ryan lochte level. i think it may be sexual obsession. 
just saw won't back down the 2nd time! viola davis and maggie gyllenhaal are phenomenal! even better the 2nd time! amazing cast too! 
if your in huntsville that halloween discount is valid in person just hit me up & you'll get it tomorrow. 
come on out this saturday and support us in the semi-finals round of the battle of the effn rock ii concert. 
i miss sarah g live last sunday. will watch it later. 
may have a man crush on ace! like how is someone just naturally that sweet! hehasfourbrot at laurel tavern. 
looking forward to facing ms. allysin okay this saturday in petrolia! come check it out! 
the world bank cut its economic growth forecasts for the east asia and pacific region on monday and said there was a risk the slowdow. 
tonights friday family movie night is journey 2, the mysterious island! looks promising! 
but then i don't get why ep kings are going to play super rugby but they still playing kwi 1st div. crusaders aint no puma's just so they know. 
i am squeeing at the latest bioshock infinite trailer, it may usurp the original's place in my top 5 games ever. target is a genius. 
mushu at the hurricane wearing tressa's rockstar birthday foam guitar after our show last saturday. we killed it. 
i don't give a fuck though, it's all about sockersweek chicagomagicpsg friday night lights at olympic park. 
rick stein really is incredibly dull. bring back kids' saturday morning telly please. you know, with pop groups and stuff sarurdaykitchen. 
is that lady in the 1st scene of wanderlust with jennifer aniston & paul rudd the lady from mel's diner? if so, i am so happy to see her. 
tune in tomorrow for a brand new kena pluck! this one is good! also, michelle chong brings 'almost famous' to the oscars! 
this olive garden commercial is so stupid. why would i want old pasta tomorrow? 
going to watch connor run the 4x100m relay in state athletics championships at olympic park tomorrow. wishing him luck! 
i'm totally going to ace the sat! justkidding iwish. 
state farm may have the discount double check but thanks to my wife i have the hotel room triple check no socks left behind. 
on this night of fine footy finals for the nrl & afl, may i take a moment to say the first round of super rugby is only 148 sleeps away i am happy. 
i like who i am now. other people may not. i'm comfortable. i feel freer now. i don't want growing older to matter to me. - meryl streep. 
target catch me on sarah g live this sunday! hehe ingat guys! love you! :***. 
okay. my sister is freaking out because allstar isn't playing at the wildwood show tomorrow lmfaooo! 
target sharon, hi, you may be interested in this ---> jeff timmons on paul and matty show. 
wifey & princess are going up to granda's for thanksgiving today. i go sunday. i think i'll watch goon! 
can't wait to see target at the house of blues september 18th! 
i just realized that thalia is going to be tortured tomorrow for an hour lmao. 
i'm going to just denial of normal it during school tomorrow. math in tok, history in math and bio, and spanish during lunch. yes that sounds about right. 
'saturday kitchen' is on and it's sunday. mind = fucked. 
is paul george going to take the t-mac step in his 3rd year? hope so. 
uh oh.just turned on cardinals game.1st thing i see state farm commercial with kerry wood.not a good sign for cardinals. 
target i'm excited to get my paul george jersey signed by you sunday at the fan jam! 
h&m delivery is so shit. i ordered things and paid extra for next day delivery on saturday and it still hasn't come. 
i remember having to watch the daytona 500 for mr. hoak's class in 7th grade. goodtimes target. 
psych and garage rock fans will love target target & target at the echo on nov 6th! 
oh great, weather warning for tayside and i'm going to dundee tomorrow. hope i don't get stranded up there help. 
oh my god journey 2: the mysterious island is on dvd monday! i love that film! 
huffingtonpost: tomorrow venus, jupiter, and the moon will align for a brilliant night show. 
bring the whole family for a weekend of sun, fun & healthy living at florida .: taking place at jungle island,. 
1d have a surprise for aussie directioners with whispers they may return to the australian xfactor. 
oneil's barber & beauty will be open monday at 10am and not closing to the last person leave! 
brrr that was a shock this am! +2c windy so feels chilly but some sun i am happy. we are colder than siberia so the tabs. 
danica patrick let her temper get the best of her sunday and knocked herself out of nascar race. 
no problem ni**as in paris - jayz & kanye, cant wait to see the live in june watchthethrone. 
hopefully going to go see romeo santos with catherine on december woohoo woohoo :d i love it.,i love it. 
watching "good deeds" for the 1st time & i'm here all emotional & crap. 
looking forward to inspiring the makeup artists of tomorrow with my red carpet workshop at target in liverpool as guest lecturer. 
target i hate to say it but i think it'll go to penalties tomorrow. i just have that feeling, like i had before the carling cup final. 
probably not going to be seeing much of the semi-finals tomorrow because i'm going shopping around lunchtime. 
ayyye! baby girl fresh will be at the house of blues in december! make sure you all come out and support! 
so ms.sea (however you spell her name) from berkmar left and now is screen name ap at lanier and i skipped 4th period and stayed in her office (: lol. 
ruby can't even take me to breakfast tomorrow :/ he dropped harold washington . 
target its friday people! get that kermit the frog cycling feelin. i am happy. 
quite excited for the parent looking fixtures tomorrow, i'd love a north london derby at whl! 
getting very very excited for the birdcage tomorrow at derby! 
trina will be in n.o.i stop supporting her the day i found out she was in thibodaux at the showcase lol. 
good afternoon everyone it's monday afternoon and i'm live on the airwaves of amfm till 4pm. hello and welcome to amy lee in the afternoon. 
i hope you all come 2 take your loved one 2 the doctor day at liacouras center saturday. i got to be there at 730am & need entertainment! 
a draw in the north london derby would be nice today. as the gap the yids have on us is not impossible to close down & we would remain 4th. 
can we just haw class cancelled tomorrow? cause i really don't want to go to bca 101. i'd rather eat worms. 
may be late to the no crap sherlock thing, i honestly haven't the foggiest where the central library is xd. 
fuck yes the girl scouts just came to my door. and i may or may not have bought ten boxes of thin mints. 
carlos marin on fb 16 september 2012 thanks you salzburg for such beautiful il divo concert yesterday xxx gracias. 
luna is taking a break today, not perfecting any major aspects to any of the other 6 planets, until she will meet jupiter tomorrow morning. 
so proud my alma mater is hosting the 1st debate this wednesday! debate 2012 | university of denver. 
mommy is leaving on sunday. didn't say shit. like i knew she was leavin, but she am not say when. 
come spend halloween with us at volare! the robbie bartlett trio will be here for your enjoyment! wednesday is. 
listening to kim so hyun's ost for moon-sun and thinking about how i'm going to see his beautiful face on the big screen tomorrow :d. 
x factor, home made goodies, jacuzzi and sacha baron cohen. perfect saturday evening with targe. 
please be reminded that all proceeds from the kickball tournament benefits the 5th annual "i know i can" back-to-school drive aug 25. 
although there was that one time he finished 3rd and cannavaro finished 1st. yes, fabio cannavaro. 
mayhem! live in the mix tomorrow thursday night oct 25 at warehouse 29 in greensboro nc! be there! 
target glam girls want to invited everyone to enjoy halloween with them tomorrow at the grenader on riverview and rosedale from 5-8pm. 
target just saw you with cannavaro, didn't know you were here in italy! congratz for being the 2nd best in the world! 
pacers had a very solid 4th quarter comeback victory. paul george played fantastic in the 1st quarter but disappeared after that. 
target goon is always a good idea! it will probably taste better than the $10 bottle of vodka i have for tomorrow. 
google wallet is coming to metropcs, so now you won't need to sign a contract to have your identity stolen. more jokes: ?spref=tw. 
attn: hicksville tiger schulmann's finally has it's power back! classes will resume as normal tomorrow. 
rick stein saturday kitchen quote fishing is by far the worlds most dangerous job haha thinkaboutitnobhead. 
i love that boy ! jacob just sat in the back and was laughing. 
i'm late but, i just watched "good deeds" for the 1st time. awesome movie! cried through most of it. turned 30 and got sensitive as hell. 
sunday was the first cooler-than-normal day at bdr in october. this morning was the coldest one of the season. 
evgeni malkin doesn't play again until the 16th. this nhl lockout sucks, i can't watch games that are being played in russia. 
target listed as star attraction for aust-china event today. rudd's office say he never committed, pr in charge says he cancelled friday. 
watching old saturday night live episodes from the 80s with chevy chase, john belushi, and dan ackroyd. billy joel is the musical guest. the best lazy sunday. 
so aston villa have a "must win" game against knickers off ready when i come home city tomorrow lunchtime. must win - how the mighty have fallen. 
okay tomorrow is hell day. can't wait to get in my car and drive home as fast as humanly possible. call me danica patrick, if you must. 
thanks to ek, car now smells delish! if you bottled this, it'd be called saturday night dorm bathroom; its spokesman would be john belushi. 
thanks! target join dean target on tues 10/16 from 4-5:30 in bdr for the dean's q-tea in honor of nat'l coming out day bsulife. 
world bank praises electricity access improvements in malaysia from previous 59th now it is 28th in position bnbagus. 
this may be the happiest day of my life i'm so proud of my no crap sherlock football brother you did something i never had a chance to do. 
the 1st chinese song ever that interests me ^ ^ --> ?v=czy5of9fcag&feature=related . this is ost for drama in time with you,n the drama was good! i am happy. 
actually the only things that survive would be cockroaches, twinkees and keith richards. happy friday! 
my infant son is definitely keeping wife and up "up all night" - a little sleepy today. the book "happiest baby on the block" has been very helpful. 
amanda thinks that because she's not "going to the oscars" is a valid excuse for her not washing her hair since thursday. 
target could you wish a friend happy birthday? i am happy. his name is laurin! it's his 18th birthday and he's a big fan. thanks in advance! 
looking forward to the judd apatow guest edited issue of vanity fair in january. expecting lots of lena dunham, paul rudd, leslie mann, etc. 
the wichita wild still have a shot to make the play offs? looking forward to saturday's game! bet some ww players get nfl contracts. 
listening to ni**as in paris [explicit] by jay z and kanye happy 1st birthday to the throne pic.twitter.com/gdw2gbuc. 
a** hole yes, sexy saturday in the turner house. 
emmanuel adebayor has held heart-2-heart talks with tottenham manager andre villas-boas over his unhappiness at a lack of 1st-team football. 
il divo, the classical crossover quartet live in istanbul september 27.great music in a wonderful concert area. 
- people are saying it's one of the best shows they've ever seen! "brothers grimm spectaculathon" at east, saturday at 7pm! be there. 
as some of you may know, we have a fish tank & this little guy is named jeff carter. sadly, i think he's dying. 
i never had a good time, i sat by my bedside. with papers and poetry about estella. 
rsvp for the annual dinner closes this monday! be sure you register via the website as soon as possible i am happy. 
star ships were made to flyyy nowaynicki congratulations you passed 1st grade. 
black actresses shine at the 19th annual elle magazine women in hollywood celebration octavia spencer, viola davis and. 
all i know is marana girls are bad as fuck and white if the ones at the party i went to with jaylon on saturday were marana tigers. 
like a good neighbor state farm is there.with a check for the damage to my truck.hopefully tomorrow! 
if volstead went against braves on a monday, he'd give up 5 runs in first, then cubs make a furious rally late to win twostreaks. 
target nice to meet you! best wishes from guatemala! il divo will be here in concert for the 1st time ever on the 28th! i'm going! :d. 
tomorrow i am off to petrolia to see "the waltons" laughing out loud and over to london for evans side of family reunion. 
steve martin, dan aykroyd, chevy chase, john belushi one of the best comedians in sat night live. 
are you coming to our book swap on thursday night? you should, it is fucking ace. 
day 3 of ade so far so good!. start things going this friday morning we have ferry corsten on the panel ! 
target doug wead: owners of the main stream media are the "prince of the air" ouch! feel the burn. i am very happy. 
i love texas a&m, but any team that drafts tannehill before the 7th round has lost their minds. 
regionals game at panther stadium tomorrow night! everyone go and support our panthers! but you have to be loud! derby vs. playoffs. 
'really good day' as danica patrick finishes 10th at kansas nationwide race. 
people talkin shit just wait i'll be in huntsville tomorrow ! let me see you ! 
target watching the trayvon episode i recorded. the martins are incredibly strong. i am so sorry for their loss may god bless them. 
congrats! to the philippine patriots for winning over singapore slingers last saturday. go patriots! i am happy. 
being at rupp doing this walk through has me real hyped for tomorrow. get ready for the best blackberry messenger yet. 
good work tonight boys. wish i could have been out there. let's take bob jones monday and get some momentum for regionals. 
ricky ponting says he's in the best shap of his life and is ready to take on . - herald sun. 
echo: sex offender is warned he may face jail over offences dorset. 
pitch darn well sent. holidays can begin. rick stein's for dinner tomorrow night! see you in a week. 
you can also catch me in room 2 at amplified sessions at v club, bournemouth next friday, supporting affirmative sanchez in the main room! 
i had such a great time tonight that i've decided to keep celebrating! join me at volare this wed and thurs! bring your food donation! 
brian may confirms that sacha baron cohen will play freddie mercury in a film about the late, great queen singer. 
fantastic friday at nca! school was dismissed early due to preparation for our homecoming game tonight! 
target april 1st i'm going to see you guys in london o2 arena! can't wait! 
how is it the dirt poor kids in 3rd world countries manage to get money to go to a show but kids in the valley can't? 
my saturday just got better, brighter and bolder. 
another chelsea vs manchesterunited today for the 4th round of the carling cup! don't miss out. 
i am just kidding with you and yeeesss! you don't have school tomorrow? thalia doesn't either! i am happy. 
. target may just be the ultimate face melting summer rock band. can't wait to see them again at soundwave. 
star wishes all the students at target a stressfree time registering for classes. may sage be with you target. 
liz is kind of dumb when it comes to men. dna swapping isn't even bad in port charles, it's just called tuesday. 
target i am meeting you again on monday i am happy. hope you remember me camilla parker bowles laughing out loud i am gettin a taxi again :/ love you so much xxx. 
especially nice to have rosedale target open in the neighborhood while any branch at 7th & maryland is closed for renovations. 
happy 3rd monthsary loverss! i am happy. salamat sa parents are gone support ky ate target i am happy. all for deniesse, all for the love.twitter.com/fsmbsxu5. 
pretty sure he's a smarty pants lawyer and not at all new to christianity or christmas for that matter. it's the 25th. 
the lorax is one of the stupidest animated movies i've ever sat through. i wasted a nap for this? 
'really good day' as danica patrick finishes 10th at kansas nationwide. 
happy monday! start your week off right with a deltaview on the world bank's lowered growth forecast for china. 
so into this movie "good deeds" i may be in love with tyler perry.'s talent. 
target i would just like to say i will not be singing tomorrow, i barely have a voice. you and trina are on your own :p. 
looking forward to seeing all our potential 4:19 participants next saturday for our free taster at the joseph wright center. 
whitecaps vs the mighty robbie keane and la galaxy this thursday, 7:30. fuck training, hitting up targe. 
big time rush may be considered to be just a show or a kiddie band but no one can say that they don't have talent or care about their fans! 
i'm taking the sat at bob jones. laughing out loud i feel cool. 
target happy 4th monthsary slaniesse! wishing you guys more more months and years together. stay strong for slater and deniesse! i am very happy. 
target good luck in the nns race tomorrow! i'll be cheering you on as always! i am happy. 
target hope you are fit for sunday, 3pts against arsenal, better than watching the carling cup final. 
congratulations to team spleaders for winning the kickball tournament that was held october 6th! 
target good morning tressa! hope that you have a fabulous friday! 
the sun is shining in cornwall today, perfect for a walk in padstow & grabbing rick stein's fish & chips on the way -. 
well.i wanted to go to the black forest tomorrow and take pictures of the leaves. now i'll have to take pictures of the snow. 
doug wead we are not out, we are up! the fight has just begun! vote ron paul tomorrow tuesday 5/15 in or & any peace. 
martin must be dreading it. it's make or break for him tomorrow. it's the nature of the beast. 
ahhh! my mom said yes for me to go the a$ap rocky concert! nov 8th we out! 
even our power point in that's ok didn't want to do anything today, so it changed the language. friday tokadventures. 
i may be a little more excited about this than soundwave. 
tim roth will be playing in a movie with jean dujardin. can't . ok, i may pass out now. 
target friday oct 19th! the alumni will be rocking philly! free show at the liacouras center 7pm classic hip hop! 
bowling doubles tomorrow. hope everything will be good tomorrow. let the luck be with us. 
good luck to the dunfermlinewolves players that have their fife and tayside trials tomorrow. show them what you can do itsyourtime. 
fashion against aids h&m released tomorrow online.i want that aztec print jacket.so not me but so colourful! 
hear keynote speaker doug wead this saturday, june 16th at e2 the event. don't miss it! 
the hottest open microphone is teaming up with the hottest organization in tallahassee. you don't want to be left out. join us next friday 10pm! 
here's a great bioshock infinite trailer for those of you that need a tease while waiting for it's february. 
you know what? goon may be a low brow comedy, but it was fun as hell. go netflix it. 
taylor allderdice might just be wiz 2nd best mixtape. 
skatenight tonight 8pm stardust skate center free before 9:30pm hosted by saab its always fun when you rolling! haha x2. 
november super tour: nov 10-11: rockwell ten; nov 9, 16, 23: abs-cbn friday market. meet super tuyo and friends! i am very happy. 
target target haha the bucs come on the t wolves are way better than them love rubio ak 47 derrick williams b roy ! shved is good 2. 
my feeling about fears is, if you voice your fears, they may come true. i'm superstitious enough to believe that. - meryl streep. 
highlight of my day was buying my ticket to see ferry corsten and markus schulz target november 10th trancefamily. 
what a comeback by the airasia ph patriots. down 15 late in 2nd & 9 after 3, the pats won 90-84 over the singapore slingers. 
even though there is rampage tonight, a gig tomorrow the best thing about my weekend will be seeing target loveyou. 
moving to covina in december things are looking up right about now!i am happy. 
and now i do see it's up. i'll blame it on a case of the mondays. creighton picked to win wbb, suck it up picked to finish 8th ahead of drake, ue. 
just bought my ticket to go am watch the romeo santos concert in theater. nov 5 needs to hurry up! i'm so excited. 
all right run it mek we done it! ambozia july 7 at oneil's place (bar,karaoke & lounge) maddd rasss. 
can't wait for skyfall 1st of nov! is listening to the ost on spotify considered a spoiler? 
i'm in petrolia. the sun's out, isn't that bright enough for you? :p. 
target huum if you're hungry, come to tunisia we have delicious food here! huum nialler always eat! 
=) "target i get lovestruck with deniesse and slater. they look cute. plus i can relate to deniesse pacute to her crush, slater. 
so glad i walked past the girl scout table today. it's a much better saturday knowing i'm one box of thin mints richer. 
target watching cannavaro on the 2nd even more embarrassing. 
for the 2nd weekend in a row knickers off ready when i come home city get a lucky break. still wouldn't be surprised if villa win but knickers off ready when i come home got to get something now. 
everyone show up again tomorrow that chardon game was too much fun to not do it again! beavercentral pride. 
target are you going to petrolia's game tomorrow ? i still havent got to see you or the baby! 
the stones on a thursday morning make adie happy. keith richards' stash would make me happier. 
can not fucking wait for tomorrow night. house of blues will never be the same after target target and target staymetal. 
mayoroflondon: join in tomorrow at the exciting london children's book swap events for families who love to read ld. 
target it is predicted that the winter classic and the all-star game will be cancelled this upcoming monday . endthelockout. 
target the tour dates got updated! fox theatre on the 24th or the 26th? i don't want to fuck this up. 
national basketball association predictions: champions - missing in action runner up - laughing a little mvp - lebron 6th man - ginobli rookie of the year - davis most improved - paul george. 
big congratulations goes out to tampa bay damage for 2nd place at cup and 2nd place overall in the paintball sports. 
target hi matey appreciate you passing on my business cards around work ! we have enough food until friday in the turner house ! 
heading to the target show tomorrow morning with mommy. lets hope we get front row tvtime. 
toni gonzaga will be in legazpi on october 30. i want to cry i want to come but how? i don't have money. 
trayvon my daily tweet (10/05) in memory of trayvon martin - killed 223 days ago. may you rest in peace. 
they made a sky zone here in covina across the street from the amc. i'm definitely going sunday!(: who's down? 
emme's 10th birthday cake i am happy. with big time rush! via target. 
reminder- we hope to see you tomorrow night at volstead! details on our fb page at ?context=create. 
want to see the all-star game tomorrow suffolk. 
i just got excited because i found out that amy lee's birthday is the 13th of decemember. guys, that is a day before my birthday! so close! 
just unloaded jimando at flemington, fighting fit and ready for the derby tomorrow! 
clever! || australian captain michael clarke teams up with louis vuitton in special cricket trunk design | herald sun: ?sv=4cf13ec85c0b11e9f81ac6a44de808f1 .uhazvctrhf4.twitter. 
going to watch goon for the 4th time, cry, then go to sleep. 
vote for you there for college game day visiting. we are 10th and texas a&m is 1. get on it. 
hermione, sun drop girl, and danica patrick. there's something yeah don't see every day! 
monday already. that's okay - at volare restaurant chicago we have the perfect meal waiting for you today. 
rudd rains on abbott's parade: kevin rudd may be trying to spoil julia gillard's party but yesterday he gate-cra. 
voted jean dujardin is my favorite for best actor in a film in comedyawards. watch it on target may 6 at 9/8c. 
may the odds be ever in your favour aussie directioners, hot30sgo1denticket. 
ponting may make history fir australian cricket: <p> </p><p>ricky ponting could break steve waugh s re. 
having a long overdue cd upload session. by tomorrow my ipod will be blessed with pil, george harrison and disco inferno i am happy. 
thank you abs-cbn and bcwmh for the fantastic episode today. tomorrow again. i can't wait to. 
target so glad i watched a good paul rudd movie instead! 
happy halloween from the sun, moon, astronaut and star. well, so she was wearing a star wars shirt. 
happiest baby on the block class is being offered at national nanny training day april 28th. 
tell me you am not excited! the twins in eurosong final! they going to win the 1st place! 
love billy crystal introducing the 1st game of the world series. 
mom, can i miss a1 on thursday? if you love me you'll say yes. 
don't think chelsea should appeal for torres' red card. let sturridge play tomorrow. it's the carling cup, not pl. 
classic! target friday oct 19th! the alumni will be rocking philly! free show at the liacouras center 7pm classic hip hop! 
the roxy is alive with the sound of music this sunday at 1.30pm. this is the last chance to see it on the big. 
pineapples & mangos for pre-breakfast, getting some work done, then heading to the ritz carlton for sunday brunch i am happy. 
we've just sampled some of greg's delicious pretzels for our german themed boardroom dinner tomorrow! 
but this is not the 1st time that juventus is maximizing the potentials of ex-milan players.cannavaro and edgar davids are similar cases. 
circe 2008. the day i got my acceptance letter to you of o. can't believe tomorrow i'll be taking my last test. 
i may record the first few episodes of the next lp tomorrow. wanted to get more info ready, but i'm think i'm good with what i have. 
ronpaul campaign manager doug wead: contrary to media lies, doing just great with delegates even after super tuesday. 
meryl streep is like the coolest woman ever! i want to be related to her! may go watch itscomplicated. 
love taking a youtube break next day hd television will be here and saturday will be a beast vid. 
not going to lie journey to the mysterious island may be a kid movie but i think its pretty fuckin funny. 
no worries it's going down friday night club visions.! greensboro nc.! 
two of my oscars died today. don't know why. i guess they couldn't stand it out till november 6th. 
hope my interview go a1 tomorrow , i really want this job . 
prince william met 'the rottweiler' camilla parker bowles and she came out . harry may be full of mischief. 
so excited to be at the bold manor with target team, preparing for bolder arrival on sunday! 
going to a sunday matinee of dredd 3d. probably most excited for the return of lena headey's natural hair color. sarah connor > circe. 
congratulations to the teams who competed at nccdc7, including 1st place u. of washington, 2nd place us air force academy and 3rd place texas a&m! 
happy friday! if i could make those words any bigger or bolder, i would! laughing out loud i am happy. have a great weekend all of our pjd friends! 
they are truly changing the world one life at a time. if you're in mesa, az tomorrow come join me and my friend target for a fun night! 
skatenight tonight 8pm stardust skate center free before 9:30pm hosted by saab its always fun when you rolling! haha x5. 
sportsnation just wont let jeremy evans dunkface go. this is the 3rd time i have seen it all week. still funny though. 
the 1st black woman to ever host the academy awards was=>target i want to be like her! 
target can't wait for target to hit up az on sunday! let the debauchery begin! 
great mbb game - felt good to be back at the vadalabene center - great staff/promotions too! will be back tomorrow - can't wait! 
the comedians from chelsea lately will be at the fox theatre tomorrow! i'm so excited! 
nasa measures extragalactic background light! awesome implications for understanding the big bang better! 
jungle island makes good on $2 million payment: jungle island made good wednesday on its promise to the miami city. 
how in the world do you go the nfl combine knowing you have a chance to be 1st rd pick & test positive for marijuana? 
got nothing going on friday night? good cause now you do! come on down black forest in eugene. if 100 people show. 
ni**as in paris. may be better than the original. via target. 
haha. mum gave me my work wage for tomorrow for ticketek so that i don't go to work (if that made any sense) just to stay home. 
we have another skate class this monday at the skate center! it's from 6:30-7:30! bring yourself and your kids, fun times will be had! 
great double-bill on saturday for tjff! win tickets to check out the jean dujardin comedy from target. 
till june 5 nalang ang botohan! so make sure you vote deniesse, wendy, jazz and divine on fhm 100 sexiest! i am happy. thv'spride! 
start your weekend off right at east tonight with pure friday. enjoy delicious graze dining from 6pm and. 
world bank approves us$50 million for improving compliance with industrial wastewater treatment regulations in vietnam - oct 25th. 
pals knock2bag tonight at rich mix! come and hang out. also you can catch me on russell howard's good news tonight and tomorrow. 
hello everyone.tuesday night like always beef kabob special it is delicious,acoustic open microphone with brian ruskin. 
watching when harry met sally, how i love that movie! it's new york city b) it's billy crystal and meg ryan. i am happy. what a perfect start to friday! 
movies tomorrow with jacob. i am happy. seeing paranormal activity 4, hopefully i don't pee myself. i am happy. 
target that's me exactly!6th and 7th grade everyone made fun of me. 
but my birthday is tomorrow and i have to spend it in natchitoches away from my family. 
back to knickers off ready when i come home city tomorrow to do loads more shopping as we couldn't fit it all in on monday. shopping knickers off ready when i come home addicted. 
listening bear mccreary battlestar galactica' ost makes me want to see this amazing tvshow again. one day i'll see it for the 4th time :p bsg. 
target see you tomorrow in port charles hope you're enjoying big brother i am happy. 
wrapping up a 14 hour day in huntsville. love watching the labs and my students work. can't wait for more tomorrow. thealienlife. 
cant wait for the match tomorrow, bring on the barnet and bring on edgar davids! 
hot30sgo1denticket may the odds be ever in your favour aussie directioners! 
trayvon my daily tweet(s) 10/17 and 10/18 in memory of trayvon martin - killed 236 days ago. may you rest in peace. love to the family. 
the lakings have been so good on nhl13 that the real team might disappoint me. jeff carter has 43 goals through january. 
jupiter's almost perfectly in line with the moon. rather beautiful. may try looking at it tomorrow night via the old telescope. 
another nca football coach needs lessons in pr 101. 1 don't make matters worse by trying to intimidate the media. 
last day of bca tomorrow. -lori of off say yes to dress has breast cancer. i am sad. 
glad its friday, but i want to go to the no crap sherlock game. no fun when there isn't anything to do. 
at noon today, you'll know why youcount tune in to abs-cbn to see the 1st tvc of the biggest & d' brightest bpo employer in ph convergys. 
on modern family, when sofia yelled ''c'mon estella'' and ran into the pool, oh my god i laughed like never before. 
target awesome round and congratulations on your 1st tour victory! enjoy the ritz carlton and kapalua plantation course.you've earned it! 
just had the amazing target pick up her bespoke fascinator for derby tomorrow, love this time of year melbcupcarnival. 
tomorrow night at the roxy come check out the saturdays target you won't be disappointed! 
stimulating & promising speech of the world bank's president jim yong kim in the annual meeting held in tokyo on oct 12. 
if you're with metropcs then this is probably the best phone you can buy. 
now i kind of regret not going to bolder on friday. 
how is the racism, threats, & hatred shown toward entire zimmerman family different than any racism that george may have had? 
by the way come rock with us on sat in covina. ill be in costume. wear yours as well so i don't feel like in 12z. 
last tuesday we asked "who is the greatest england captain ever?" and the winner is steven gerrard (50% of votes). 2nd place for bobby moore. 
see robbie keane jumping off the bench claiming that 4th goal! 
if target didn't like coloccini being likened to bobby moore, he will hate mon claiming mcclean and johnson 'class' safc nufc. 
nov 16th in natchitoches, la. yeah boy putting the belt on the line. it's going down. i want my people to be there. get at me! 
news: sydney, oct 12 (ani): pacer james anderson attacked an "arrogant" michael clarke with a batsman's pad in the dressing room afte. 
they may not be the best looking of preds but they sure are comfy and snug! worth it plus swag colours!twitter.com/fiyvxqob. 
thanks for making this snowy day so pleasant! echo and penny will be in friday morning at 10! 
mtsu just beat wku 34-29. the sun belt is really starting to get interesting. have to take care of business on saturday! 
oh snap! another sunday pool party at shore club in miami with ryan morales, jason vernau and ollie sanders! we'll see you out there! 
fabulous review of the wonderful kneehigh's production of steptoe & son in today's echo. runs until sat. don't miss! 
i wish i lived with laurin randle.i don't see her enough after 5th period.! 
i'm not even going to bother watching eurosong tonight. saw enough of it on tuesday. 
everyone deserves somebody who makes them look forward to tomorrow for rushers, it's big time rush i am happy. 
buy 1 get 1 free tiket the greatest hits tour blue, a1, & jeff timmons 98 degrees only for tommorow 19 feb puri mall & pondok indah mall 1. 
tottenham striker emmanuel adebayor missed training today, and won't play in the europa league on thursday, because of a hamstring injury. 
don't forget to get your self out to bettyvirginia park tomorrow at 10am for the kickball tournament! 
its my birthday on the east coast now. i was born est, so i get to party now. i live on the west coast so the party will last till monday. 
qb printers didnt start. wr avery starts and scores on 1st poss. 27-31 target down to the wichita wild. 
not here in the easti am sad.moon, jupiter, capella light up evening sky on november 1 | tonight | earthsky. 
mum couldn't help but laugh at the fact she's sat on this boat watching double team seuss's the lorax with her 18 year old daughter i am happy. 
field trip to october 12! breakfast at jungle island,meet deca members from other schools and find out what deca is all about i am happy. 
the heat are playing the 3rd quarter so fast and free that game 5 is starting to look like the national basketball association all-star game. 
so can't believe big bang is tomorrow, this day came way too soon! at least i can live it again sat.night! ^_. 
i wish the nhl and nhlpa to come to an agreement so i can go to dallas to see my dallas stars in march. 
ni**as in paris encore, 2 mosh pits, it's too far away to see b, but the 2nd pit failed because of b's security!v=auetaqvlk5i. 
semi-finals, then championship game tomorrow if we make it that far, we will. 
i have a very strong dislike for george zimmerman. i really do. why isn't he in jail! can't wait for him to be sentenced in june. 
awww hell. it was a black cop that shot the white student at south alabama. let's all go march naked in mobile for trayvon. i mean gil. 
can it be february 26th already? bioshock infinite looks amazing. 
and on top of it all, my horoscope is super positive and my coffee is so delicious today. hey, wednesday. we can get along! 
tomorrow is gameday & its going to be a good one so come out & support covina at san dimas for a big game in the season letsgetthatwin xd. 
a1 for poa! i can do it! going to give my all on tomorrow lesson. saturday do one paper2. sunday read on theory. monday kill the paper! 
i think i'm going to watch the artist for the 5th time in 2 weeks tonight before i got to sleep. i love it. jean dujardin & his charming smile :d haha. 
target 2nd half in target match with pires: he takes me out from behind, only yellow card of game. 10" scar still proud on calf. 
had a great weekend with the family. went to the ritz carlton which is the best hotel ever. thanks mom i enjoyed myself. sat by the band. 
ate mcdonald's and feel guilty so i'm going to 24 for an hour or 2, then to az tomorrow, go and try and make my life better. 
target 194days till i see you at believetour at london o2 arena on march 7thi love it. 
sunday dining is always amazing at volare restaurant chicago with friends and family. we recommend starting your. 
this may be the sickest movie ever. black forest now fairies? wow iwantone. 
jam at the blue diamond. tomgrant band will thrill and delight patrons and jammers alike. good excuse to get out of the house. any 20th&sandy. 
just finished making a possible pre game cd for tomorrow nights game against bob jones, thats how ready i am for the game goodnight. 
glad tomorrow is my last day at the skate center . working one day a week is a joke ! gottafindanewjob. 
our last draw for an hd television is today, 24 feb., at noon. good luck, everyone! details to enter the pplhdtv comp. 
soccer saturday with our son. they're playing the hardest team in the league. then the all-star game. 
target will be on sarah g live this sunday. don`t forget to watch. she will have her first ever duet with sarah g. i am happy. 
worse thing about saturday morning tv! the omelette challenge - pointless and annoying tv, even james martin looks bored! 
don't forget to see 'the exorcist' at the fox theatre on tuesday! there's nothing like seeing it on the big screen. 
enjoy your networking? cocktails with pandas or beers at adelaide oval on the agenda at innovationgeneration. 
relaxing in traffic listening to wiz. taylor allderdice is my favorite mix tape of his. actually it may be in my top 10 period. 
echo entertainment news: jade wright previews the best programmes on television tonight. 
excited to hang out with rae & laurin tomorrow. i am happy. 
when trayvon touched my shoulder in 7th period and tried to hide like it wasn't him >> laughing my f**king a** off you can see his tall ass anywhere! 
target i love seein all the thik sexy footballers return 2 the gridiron 2day! <--*this* and the sporno that is nfl combine in feb! 
ramadan mubarak to all muslims who have began early. may allah bless our souls now and forever with good deeds. 
movie night with the kids at church! watching the lorax! couldnt thing of a better way to spend my friday night! 
sept 8 las vegas hard rock, randall "the knock out king" bailey vs devon alexander. 37 year old bailey looking good in his 4 win streak. 
i watched sarah g live again, i noticed at d end not applicable may disiplina talaga ang mga target nag-aantayan sila nice game turn to go to sg. love it. 
decent woohoo deals on hd tv's here till the 18th via target. 
why all you all going to nca tomorrow? it am not gone solve nothing . just create another problem. 
so excited! halloween, ian anderson w/my mom at the fox theatre on saturday, and then election day, in which i will be a nervous wreck, lol! 
big 4 with kevin, deniesse, devine, and ryan sa kick off nice game parent behind back teen edition 4 on sunday, april 8 at 9pm. biggelontv. 
yeaa! 3rd place! target end of the game! indonesia warriors 92 - 85 singapore slingers! thanks for the supports superriors! 
tonight: a show in dc. tomorrow: greensboro nc! it's been too long since i've performed. so exited to see everyone and play the new tunes! 
need a break from studying? come to target kickball tournament tomorrow at 4:30-6:30pm! behind the jc>>>be there! i am happy. 
sandy has passed by, and the cathedral close was only lightly touched (whew), so yes, no crap sherlock will be open tomorrow,. 
get the skinny on metropcs launches the galaxy s iii on october 22, price is $499: good news for metropcs custom. 
pacers extend their biggest lead of the game with a paul george jumper. up 10 pts, 48-38, with 2:03 left 1st half! 
rum chata hot chocolate, thin mints, and netflix. this is how you do saturday night.twitter.com/wnn1lv3r. 
god he's a daft thing! he (merlin) is not very bright sometimes! she (circe) apparently sat there washing her paws, ignoring him! 
so glad i'm not going back to woodlands tomorrow! looking forward to joseph wright! 
wow ! just found out that jeff timmons will come to malaysia on 16 oct for a week & his wedding ceremony will be held on the 21st in kl! 
there is still time to register and find your red dress for tomorrow's rampage! get on it! 
mommy said i have to go to maxwell monday , lmfaooo the fuck i don't. 
target ferry corsten at digital tomorrow. let's go and rave it up. punk yardofcocktail liquid. 
so excited for these upcoming shows! its time to get halloweird! 10/27(tomorrow night) at the fox theatre. 
1st time i bring my phone to harold washington & it goes off! i am sad. 
trayvon my daily tweet (10-27) in memory of trayvon martin - killed 245 days ago ~may you rest in peace~ (we must never forget you.) 
i'm going to watch eurosong! croatia is 10th. so vote for croatia! i am very happy. 
any joey fans that want a cover for all nns wins may take this. 
i never had a good time, i sat by my bedside, with papers & poetry about estella. 
happy monday! stop by volare tonight for roasted duck! half roasted crispy duck served with baby spinach and. 
sat in a boozer in bethnal green listening to the dj play target - i think i like it at about 138bpm. 
you may find this hard to believe, but viola davis was a troublemaker back in the day. 
4th floor cypress you don't half see some funny looking dress sense spanish. 
giants 3rd-round pick failed drug test at nfl combine: jayron holsey knew it would hurt him bec. newyork sports. 
my moms under the hilarious impression that i'm spending my saturday loading & unloading furniture from trailers in natchitoches. 
police fear ivan leach, also known as lee cyrus carried out a very serious sexual assault in tayside, scotland, since he absconded on oct 9. 
imagine danica and danielle meeting target on friday and the feeling you get to say that you helped out. amazing jbmeetdanica. 
it's monday night football wrangler nation! game time 7:05pm vs. the wichita wild! get your tickets now to cheer. 
celebrity saturday ! this is great tea good have around especially if you are going to be at the oscars. 
we're excited for trunk or treat tomorrow (nov 2) night at the boys and girls club in pottstown. it will start at. 
i can't wait for the sunderland vs newcastle, 3rd best derby in england, after manchester and north london derby. i'd prefer a newcastle win. 
i want to be here "the greatest hits tour - blue, jeff timmons of 98 degrees,a1" on feb 25. :. 
not here in the easti am sad.moon, jupiter, capella light up evening sky on november 1 | tonight | earthsky. 
alan pardew comparing colloccini to bobby moore is like comparing masturbating to sex, everybody knows that the 2nd choices are thanks better. 
glad i am going to greenville tomorrow night tho. 
nowplaying linkin park - lost in the echo. i probably haven't listened to them since the 5th grade but this song is actually pretty good. 
mayoroflondon: join in tomorrow at the exciting london children's book swap events for families who love to read ld. 
sonic on ost is the worst place in 3rd ward! 
target great to be 1st game on a sunday.i get to watch my favorite show on tv. sarah live magical night with sarah. 
abc: ricky ponting and luke butterworth made wednesday a tough day at the office for south australia in their sh. 
i never watch the oscars, but with seth macfarlane hosting, i may have to actively campaign to get other people to not watch them either. 
are you all ready for affirmative sanchez this friday at hq nightclub! hit me up at 609-335-3062 for table reservations and details! 
sun flower seeds are just to delicious. 
the donkey show - friday the 13th is an exciting day for the adrienne arsht center of the performing arts in. 
special conference call tomorrow the 7th at 7:30 please send tell - 10:30 est featuring doug wead! doug is going to give us a surprise. 
keith richards means nothing to monday night and is awful, cant we all just forgive hank? 
great. we had tickets to see the preds on the 29th & now the games have been cancelled. 
come join in all the fun at the great pumpkin hunt at rosedale gardens this saturday! 
fucking stoked to hang out with my girl thalia tomorrow night. haven't seen her in ages. 
'really good day' as danica patrick finishes 10th at kansas nationwide race - nascar news | fox sports on msn. 
forget the garlic, the soup is disgusting! thanks for nothing, saturday kitchen. 
there are still spots available for "happiest baby on the block" this sunday! 
lipa 4:19 beat the bad weather join us for our taster sessions wed and thurs at joseph wright centre. 
i'm happy my 1st showing is at 3pm today. ritz carlton. let's sell it! 
target if you're tryna go north on iowa there's a bad accident down by 6th street. 
tomorrow is the deciding factor for the university of denver, excited to see what it's like from a student's perspective. 
- grassroots racing at its best returns to marana on saturday, october 27, at the gladden farms 10k an. 
tracking texas a&m football players in the 2012 nfl draft: texas a&m may have the biggest surprise of the 2012. 
sale mary green silk just married boyshort reviews: here is the one of best product may you have mary . 
target just watched the pursuit of happiness for the 1st time. i love it. good deeds by tyler perry is the girl version. 
wow! lady gaga is actually at the britney spears femme fatale concert tonight! she still listens to her music! 
mail in a lather over c4's scheduling of four lions to coincide with 10th anniversary of 9/11. too good a film for stunt scheduling i think. 
really enjoyed pj harvey tonight - contrary to expectations. even the black feather head-dress wasn't too ott. 
my dad just told me he really wants to go see final destination 5 on friday. wasntexpectingthat. 
+1 rt target wonderful company and great food in chinatown last night with tour guide target , target & irene. 
i officialy hate windows 7, it just sucks on my laptop. back to experience tomorrow! (and also a huge delay for the movie again :/, was so close!) 
got email saying my copy of deus ex is on it's way. if it arrives tomorrow i will literally stay up all night playing it. no joke. 
just seen that four lions is on c4 on sunday night for anyone who hasn't seen it yet. so proud of my big brother; the associate producer i am happy. 
that's really sad, charlie rt "until tonight i never realised how fucked up i was" - charlie sheen sheenroast. 
alexis sanchez: of course i'd like to play already on sunday against real madrid. it's true i wanted to join in the us. 
tomorrow is the elvis extravaganza! tune in to 97.1fm at 11am for all the elvis presley you can handle. it's going to be rockin'. 
listening to amy and lucien's attempts at 'communication' on last night's big brother . i fear for the future of mankind sometimes. 
boise state, chattanooga, embry-riddle and virginia tech receive their charters tonight, congratulations and welcome gentlemen! 
if anderson silva doesnt win tonight yushin okami wont make it out of brazil alive target. 
ahhh! loving this new i see champion! wish i could see it happen this friday.: crossing my fingers that he has a match at summerslam! 
nurgh, there's a stack of new mta's that need to be dealt with but i just can't be dealing with the crappy new thing today. 
looking at the temp outside.hpw did it get hotter as the sun goes down? feel like i'm in vegas just adding humidity. 
can't wait for september 6th the new season of sons of anarchy starts woo hoo. i am happy. 
six good reviews for the new deus ex. i'm going to pre-order it today, i've seen enough coverage to know it's going to be worth a look. 
tomorrow is the 34th anniversary of elvis presley's death. i love you, rest in peace. 
terrible tragedy today in russia with the loss of a great khl team and an nhl great in pavol demitra. 
why horrible why does the rugby world cup have to be here in october? i'm going to be battling my bday, soul punk and people running in circles. 
i can't believe aaron carter is coming out with his 4th album the carter iv. 
almost forgot about celebrity juice tonight, oh my. what time is it on at guys? 
dry by pj harvey is a brilliant record. i listened to the whole thing yesterday on a break from editing. 
target tiger woods is awful. luckily for him his terrible golf is only going to be seen on tgc today and not cbs - where everyone can see. 
day 3 in the big brother house and it's ingleton waterfalls trail today, promises some amazing scenery! 
cant wait to rock "apologize" by one republic & "jesus freak" by don't care talk tonight gettin redy to rock sasabo, japan. 
boehner wants president to change speech to thurs instead of going against gop2012 debate. same time as packers-saints nfl opener?!? 
really hoping tonite lloyd robertson will ask us to goto the window and yell "i'm mad as hell and i'm not going to take it anymore!". 
dtn usa: charlie sheen's 'winning' ways get roasted: he may have looked like he was "winning," but actor. 
i would be surprised if the carter iv was anything greater than shit.hope i'm proved wrong but the 1st 3 singles are doo doo. 
can't wait to see my ravens beat the steelers tomorrow. 
boehner tells obama that sorry, the house is all booked up for sept 7, maybe you can come another day. 
today has been an awesome day! one of the google engineers posted a tutorial video from our site! what an endorsment! 
gavin henson looks set to miss the rugby world cup after dislocating a bone in his right wrist yesterday. 
tomorrow is going to be like the super bowl for the ravens vs. steelers game. 
netflix? rt target i'm watching the original x-men cartoons i used to watch on saturday mornings. throwback iamhappyagain. 
just pre-ordered the droid bionic. pick up from the verizon store next friday! i am happy. 
once again democrats spent all night and this morning trying to talk down the stock market.whatever happens there can be no blank check! 
yayyy! rt : target nicki minaj - pink friday, up 15 places, to 16 on the official uk top 40 i am happy. 
it's a stretch but i'm picking yushin okami tomorrow. think anderson's athletic prime has passed and okami's cashing in at the right time. 
sons of anarchy may be one of the greatest shows on television right now. thanks target and netflix. 
target target target you know what? vampire diaries starts in germany on monday! i can't wait! 
great game.tremendous way to start the season. bring it on and next sunday real madrid v barcelona. 
league? rt target i just found that barcelona and real madrid are playing on sunday. i need sleeping pills. 
saturday night = netflix, my girl, and the internets. what more does a guy need? 
deus ex exclusive hands on article going up tonight. fucking love you twitter followers. 
all of the "real" democrats won their respective races & will move on 2 face the 6 recalled republican state senators on august 9 yeswecan. 
going to see rise of the planet of the apes tonight.oh yeah. 
eww lady gaga is at the femme fatale tour tonight. don't be surprised if you see gaga using britney's props on her next tour lol. 
i'm really sad about michael jackson today. 
hope pj harvey takes home the mercury tonight! great record! 
tomorrow i'm coming back from barcelona.i don't want! i am sad.. 
making plans ahead of time is best. friday going to go see final destination 5 with my mains gem, ariana, brian, drew, & rachael. (. 
august 17th rt target can't wait to see the inbetweeners movie, will has to be my favourite! when's it out ? 
boise state, chattanooga, embry-riddle and virginia tech receive their charters tonight, congratulations and welcome gentlemen! 
i would love to watch vampire diaries tonight i am happy. and some heroes! great combination. 
target , i don't feel the rugby world cup fever via 702, am i the only one? isn't it rugby friday? 
can't believe that lloyd robertson's last broadcast is tonight! end of an era. who is going to keep my grandma company at night!? 
target been trying to decide on a new show to watch & always get tons of sons of anarchy suggestions. i may go 4 it. have a blessed day. 
why did i just hear some car driving slowly down 24th street blarring. elvis presley? 
target good morning, yuki~! oh, i like your name too. does it means snow? riko isn't my real name, i've chose it because i like japan. 
target he's a very good looking guy. is s3 on netflix? i think i'm watching it tonight. 
strip club owner "guessing we'll make 5 times as much a night" . "republicans got plenty of money. they take it all from poor people" duh. 
saw at last kung f**k you panda 2 yesterday with my cousins. i am very happy. 
she call me baby, i call her bae, sorry 4 the wait, carter iv on the way! august 29th. helll yeahhh! 
displeased with lion, i may take this opportunity to learn windows 7. or linux. or poke myself in the eye. 
target target is stadium kanyi open tomrw for the opening ceremony and abs vs tonga game? i happen to be off duty tomorrow. i am very happy. 
my brothers girlfriend is on me to use her netflix acct, because i love my movies. so i'll all for giving it a try tonight. 
target morning gorgeous you were right i thought it was b/slisten to this nicki minaj did have. 
can silicon valley re-charge solar energy?: silicon valley innovators apple and google may be the best hope left. 
vampire diaries and jersey shore tonight. so first we see some hotties then we fist pump with hotties. sounds great! i am happy. 
looking forward to celebrity juice tonight. 
we love the king! 55 years ago today, elvis presley released his double-sided hit "don't be cruel"/"hound dog",. 
i love you all so much. come join us on saturday evening for the uga v. boise state game. game is at 8pm, but we. 
the zags hold a 1-0 lead for 84 minutes to beat boise state and win the bronco invite. goal by sarah rhodes, her 3rd of the weekend. 
last night for target lloyd robertson. a sad day for news, will miss that deep voice. 
rt target nicki minaj - pink friday, up 15 places, to 16 on the official uk top 40 i am happy. 
four lions. watch it on channel 4. at 8pm. best film ever. i have this on my ipad. never tired of it. 
target droid bionic, this thursday. never thought the day would come. 
don't want to play one that's too long, what with street fighter iii: 3rd strike on wednesday, and deus ex: human revolution on friday. 
target this tweet was poorly timed. surely they'd be hidden. rt target 12 handy tips for windows 7 that you may not know. 
i'm not going on holiday until the 25th because me and my dad wanted to watch the inbetweeners movie when it came out laughing out loud. i am happy. 
one million people marched in london in the past six months. but they don't care until 1,000 tottenhams tonight ~ ?spref=tw. 
i think it's time to start calling the democrats offices, demand they use the 14th now, don't cave to nut jobs. 
damn, someone saved holder from the earthquake! technically don't know why w/biden out & obama always out boehner is 3rd in line! 
i'm exited about friday! no offense but who is tonga? nz can't just make up names and countries. play fair. 
morning all. just woke up to madonna on the radio with borderline. 
no way to underestimate the madness and cynicism and frank and open loathing of country that characterizes today's republicans. 
excited for the raiders game tonight. 
after a day at the lake me and my girl are getting ready to do vegas big tonight! blessed freshtodeath. 
excellent performance by pj harvey last night! hairs on back of neck stuff! good company too with target target and andrea i am happy. 
if twilight wins all the awards at the tca's tonight, i will burn my twilight posters k? 
today *very* rare day when democrats will get healthier on their club for growth scorecards than most republicans. 
balls. i forgot celebrity juice was on tonight. 
caught the repeat of jersey shore tonight and the damn wall knocked out target wtf. come on bro! are you serious right now. 
some good television tonight going to get on jersey shore on the planner and 8 out of ten cats and maybe red or black lazynight. 
kolchak the night stalker. before the x-files, excellent scary tv. on netflix huzah. 
the gop's greatest crime? target boehner proposes obama speech be on the same night as nfl opening night. 
eh, em.attention! true blood is on tonight, oh yeah! sink your teeth into it! 
today *very* rare day when democrats will get healthier on their club for growth scorecards than most republicans. 
:o inbetweeners movie a week today! might wear my wellies to the cinema cause i'll be 'knee deep in clunge. i am very happy. 
the mta will be at mondawmin metro station from 3-5pm today to celebrate the baltimore grand prix. we'll have a race car for you to see! 
finally wrapped up shooting in vegas, time for a good night on the town i am happy. 
target i'm going on big brother's bit on the side next tuesday! i thought you would appreciate this haha i am happy. 
usa golf today bob ryan: tiger now a jag (just another guy): bob ryan of the 'boston globe' called tiger woods . 
f-train was messed up again today between york and carroll st.what's going on mta? get it together! 
here is the nothing in particular slip that happened yesterday on good morning america.and nicki minaj is not happy but abc has. 
sonny bill williams named in the first xv to face tonga on friday. this man is one to watch my other is isreal dagg rwc2011. 
good night michael jackson, i do love you. see you in my dream :*. 
starting the 3rd season of sons of anarchy. i watched seasons 1 and 2 in the last couple weeks. i'm seriously hooked. 
did i really have a debate about twilight last night? and i was team edward? 
if fabregas doesnt goto barcelona this season he may never make his dream switch with alcantra already starting to seal his position epl. 
final destination 5, august 24. death how we've missed you. 
target good luck tonight at the teen choice awards i am happy. i know twilight is going to take them all! ill b watching xoxo. 
hide in country clubs all you want boehner!com launching soon & i'm one of 1st in line! join me. 
i had an awesome time at sckcs now it's on to work, saturday night in vegas, this should be fun. 
media going mad for anderson silva in rio and its only wednesday , saturday is going to be epic targe. 
going to see rise of the planet of the apes next sunday. when target first appears i am going to shout "draco malfoy!". i am very happy. 
girl singing the national anthem tonight is a boise state student. i gave her a "go ducks" before she went out. didn't seem to faze her. 
good football practice today. one day away from the saints game, and 1 week away from the anderson silva fight in rio! can't wait! 
my random rant of the night:lady gaga being considered a fashion icon!who in their right mind considers that fashion?she dresses in trash. 
rt target good morning world. i'm pleased to inform you that the carter iv will not be like watch the throne. 
target don't do it! he won't respect you! rt target boehner asks obama to move speech to thursday. 
i know one thing i can do tomorrow. write a web log post about my newly discovered love for vampire diaries! 
i quoted nicki minaj tonight and i'm sorry and i know god will forgive me. 
i haven't talked to you since july 19 th and all you can say is "so do you like beyonce's new cd" gtfo. 
target celebrity juice tonight 10pm itv2. its a back to school special who's featuring ! the wait is too much ! 
the mta should be pretty embarrassed tonight. 
can't wait to see the anderson silva fight saturday woop woop. 
the raiders need to represent tonight! 
the brilliant drew westen offers a great critique of the obama presidency: ?pagewanted=4&ref=opinion. 
i just realized the teen choice awards were tonight at 8! =) i hope rob, kristen, and anything twilight related wins! 
gavin henson looks set to miss the rugby world cup after dislocating a bone in his right wrist yesterday. 
rt target photo: mr. jackson rathbone (aka jasper from twilight) was looking mighty fine tonight. 
nicki minaj flashes a nipple on good morning america, youlve got to see it, afghan says so. 
good morning! need a google + invite? i have a few plusinvites. love to see the gtchat folks there! 
criticism of rick perry is ridiculous, which choice? obama's hip-hop barbecue two days ago, or perry praying for the president today? 
target vegas here i come yeah watch out las vegas the bring back the brown suck d**k is taking over at las vegas next week and tomorrow. 
re: target what the heck was obama doing for the 1st 2 years when democrats controlled everything?! 
kim coates was awesome on entourage tonight. although it makes me really miss sons of anarchy. can't wait samcro. 
target nice! of course, he sat down with boehner only thi. 
oh my god i can't wait to see what beyonce is going to do at the vma's sunday august 28th! 
i'm stuck in london again. i am sad. i don't want to spend the night in mcdonald's! 
i am getting horny hey that reminds me is it the 19th yet? new two and a half men and/or roast of charlie sheen. 
is it april fool's day? real madrid signs 7-year-old argentine prospect leo - espn. 
you know what would be pretty funny? if nz lost the first game against tonga tomorrow lol. 
true blood tonight! always the best night of the week. 
target steelers fans are awesome! just for that, i'm making it my mission to piss off a brown's fan today hehe inspiration. 
good morning. its definitely time 4 a new phone. alarm clock ringer isnt going off anymore. tryin 2 wait on steve jobs before i make a move. 
tuesday september 6th. the return of the best show ever! sons of anarchy. hell yeahhh! 
fun night tonight at vampire diaries. great teen choice award winners! 
every time i don't have anything to do, i'll watch the shows i stopped halfway. laughing out loud and it's teen top's mta today. i am very happy. 
fun date night with my girl. home early. ice my aching body. wish i had netflix right about now. 
gym workout starting with beyonce then katy,kylie and finally bruno great start to the morning. 
i know my ish!. "kev hart voice".lol! happy sunday!rt target lol:-prt target if kevin hart make you . 
pavol demitra's agent confirms the ex canuck was one of 44 killed in a plane crash today in russia. so sad. 
hooked on sons of anarchy thanks to target its too good too stop watching, all day viewing today! 
what if cena wins the undisputed world wrestling entertainment championship match at summerslam this sun? a riot is very likely to take place! 
target hope you have a great show tonight. me & the chi/in girls are so excited to see you in london tomorrow! 
inbetweeners movie coming to cinemas in ireland on the 19th of august. i have never wanted to see a movie so bad! should be good. i am very happy. 
check this video out -- obama, sarkozy, cameron, how many children did you kill this night?v=nvfcgjfmppg&feature=share via targe. 
i am on that zan with that lean and nun but irene today at band camp just to laugh at these poop ass freshman snare drummers. 
rt target i went to see kevin hart and still can't wait to go see the movie on the 9th! 
russian air crash kills 'almost all of khl team pavol demitra,karlis skrastins,ruslan salei,brad mccrimmon among the dead, may they all rip. 
is all about one night by elvis presley. 
target "so amazing to have the beautiful lady gaga at the show in ac tonight. love you girl.- britney. 
ufc 134 this sunday from 11am - anderson silva v yushin okami - don't miss it. in the sports bar live. 
apparently the vmas are tonight. i refuse to support anything which helped the jersey shore cast flee the hurricane. 
i feel like a kid before xmas, i cannot wait to get onert target in case you missed it.nokia n9 release date. 
as good as the fights were tonight i'm glad this one is over. one day closer to seeing anderson silva clown a massive asian man spidersense. 
jerzday tonight first episode of jersey shore season 4 premieres tonight! i am happy. 
dang, forrest didn't get it done. :/ he was our last american hope tonight, oh well. now for the main event anderson silva vs yushin okami. 
no way kung f**k you panda 2. don't judge me, i like animated movies (plus the 1st one was the shit). 
rainy day, got a lot done tho. registration tomorrow morning! ready to eat didn't and watch sons of anarchy, can't wait for the new season! 
absolutely gutted. wish i could watch rt target lloyd robertson set to end 41year run as national news anchor tonight. 
i saw okay movie there friday night"rise of the planet of the apes",i still like conquest. 
after an almost 60-year career, lloyd robertson broadcasts his last target sept 1, he joins us next. 
what i want to see on sunday on true blood - eric eric more eric naked eric pam did i mention eric? 
target target at the end of the night no girl that roll with me is on the mta! they are above that as long as i can afford that! 
target i laugh to death!lol! don't trust the translation of google anymore! it's is full of errors! by the way you played truant today .\_/.! 
very jealous of the ridiculous adventure target is having tonight while i just sit at home watching big brother. 
target target target don't forget to look out for me and target in the audience of celebrity juice tonight. 
looking forward to the new jersey shore starting tonight. has it started in ireland yet? what do tweeps think? 
caught up on true blood! i love it. now time for bed! night peeps. be safe tonight i am happy.! 
just in case you need some inspiration today. steve jobs' 2005 stanford commencement address: via target. 
to anyone planning on watching the teen choice awards tonight. spoiler alert: the winners are justin bieber and twilight. 
excited to go see rise of the planet of the apes tonight. 
went to see "rise of the planet of the apes" tonight. it was pretty dope; i give it 5 bananas. 
is it just me or is google apps email just plain slow today? 
a win for either metronomy, everything everything or pj harvey would be a satisfactory outcome for tonight's mercury awards. 
off to learn about google analytic today. i hope it doesn't get too technical. looking forward to it though. 
is about to go see the help! can't wait for final destination 5 on friday! 
good morning america of nicki minaj was great when she perform moment 4 life target nickiminaj. 
& then target i don't know he danger, we in a whip full w/deals,weapons & beyonce new cd - night almost killed me i am into self preservation bro. 
7/9/1983 madonna released "holiday" as a single from "madonna: the first album", it was the 1st madonna song to enter the billboard hot 100. 
target conrad murray claims mj was unable to "sleep" the entire morning yet murray was on his phone all am--does that make sense? 
child like excitement building ahead of the rwc think my 2nd team is going to be tonga loveabitofbiff. 
yasss, deus ex is actually out 26th august. that's brightened up my day a biti am happy. 
must get all my work done and ahead with cleaning my house before 10pm so i can have a night in with the sons of anarchy. 
if the iphone5 doesn't come out on september 7th, i'm suing steve jobs.i can't put up with the motorola razr much longer. 
target sold out tonight! charlie sheen's cake party! marco hanna live with dudu sax ! 
i want to see eb but i don't know don't look to good guess ill call it a netflix night. 
can't be bothered final, celebrity juice, hollyoaks and hollyoaks later tonight, woo! 
devo brown: thanks for another great night everyone! don't forget tomorrow roz and mocha speak with lloyd robertson & jason priestley! 
nowplaying elvis presley. love me tender - just as good as target version at solus, cardiff in november '08. 
can't wait for tomorrow night! and no not because of jersey shore but because it's the first official game of the nfl season! 
its 2 am & i have to wake up at 5:30 in the morning. to sleep or to keep watching jersey shore? to sleep! nah, i think i'll stay up :d. 
droid bionic pops up on motorola site, looks set for september 8 release: between the leaked ads, blurry photos . 
off to see the nokia n9 tomorrow. it'll be like being a real consumer tech dude again. also off to an event at the new winnings store. 
who wants to go see target beat canada's rugby team tonight in glendale, co? send them off to the rugby world cup the right way? 
tgi friday's was good! going to the moves to see "rise of the planet of the apes". 
morning all- another day at target meeting the stars of true blood. autographs and photos for me today, once the vodka-fug has cleared. 
celebrity juice tonight 10pm itv2. its a back to school special. 
just found out that the new season for vampire diaries comes out sept 15th. i am very happy. 
nokia n9 in nine seconds: by ian posted on the 13th of july 2011 at 8:35am global - the nokia n9 is fast. so fast that a regular 30-s. 
i guess i'm going to watch anderson silva whop a nigga ass while drinking grey goose tonight. 
i'm really dying to hear that track with beyonce and the full version of "that's my bitch" off watch the throne. monday must come sooner. 
charlie sheen seems pretty confident/badass for his upcoming roast. he actually seems like he has it together. i may watch. 
target rt why does steve jobs hate you your link ?xrs=synd_twitter "cars perform "my best friend's girl" needs flash to play. 
yesterday is the day the atomic bomb in japan. i embarrassed as a japanese, was a moment of silence for the first time. 
let's see what shitty movie netflix has recommended for me to watch tonight. 
finally watching last weeks true blood, ready for the new episode tonight. how is everyone else this morning? 
today is my birthday,the anniversary of the death of elvis presley and the birthday of madonna,i wonder if i'll be famous.i=no talent |. 
congratulations to client target for his television debut on big brother's bit on the side last night, analysing social media mentions of housemates. 
anyone else already getting goosebumps about how loud goodnight irene will be at 2:55 tomorrow afternoon blackthornendmyrealhome. 
looking forward to celebrity juice tonight! 
aug 27th: ufc rio.anderson silva vs yushin okami(last man to beat him).expect to see the best fighter on the planet put on a fucking show! 
1 day left!time is ticking down.tonga should start getting worried ('',). just kidding, may the best team win!('',)go blacks. 
rt target the brilliant drew westen offers a great critique of the obama presidency: ?pagewanted=4&ref=opinion. 
kicking off the world cup" friday, all blacks vs tonga!?! i'm so looking forward to just laxing back popcorn & a glass a bubbly!?! 
who all fuckin with twilight tonight ? 
really looking forward to the release of deus ex: hour on friday, just annoying that north america gets it tomorrow. 
perhaps a bit insensitive showing the film four lions in the run up to the 9/11 10th anniversary. 
well since it's been the 7th here and japan 4 over 12 hours i'd like 2 wish my best friend forever target a grand 26th. sad i can't b there w/you. 
walking through chelsea at this time of day is rather lovely. love london at night. i am very happy. 
pray no one gets hurt or killed in london tonight guys. this looks like it's going to go on for hours. 
facebook scam says lady gaga's dead! - realbollywood.com news: london, aug 7: a scam doing the rounds on . 
we all went to see rise of the planet of the apes last night.i actually enjoyed it a lot! that chimp caesar was a great actor. 
britney: lady gaga's here tonight. me: what? *watches gaga the rest of the night * me: who's concert was that ? i am very happy. 
i'm worried i may sing out loud on the train! beyonce's album just gets me in the singing mood everytime! 
crap i meant to let one of my followers use my microsoft office thing for their computer today.well he'll get it one weekend when we both in town! 
target oh my f**king god britney is like here in ma. along with nicki minaj. omggg the concert is tomorrow :ddd this is great! 
my soup just blew up in the microwave and exploded everywhere. so far today has been a bigger bitch than madonna is to hydrangeas. 
prayin for the families that lost someone today in the plane crash. pavol demitra one of my favorite players rest in peace. :'. 
watching the best moments of inbetweeners last night highlighted the fact that (towie) is full of helmets. surely i am not the only one? 
shooting tvshow sons of anarchy at my studio today. they closed off all the streets for a giant gun battle! 
yaaayy! :d rt target kung f**k you panda 2 (in 2d & 3d, both with indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august. 
prayers and thoughts to pavol demitra's family today and all others on the plane. the blues nation lost a loved member today. 
target good morning irene i am happy. i love the tiger photies so much! do you own them? 
okay i need something to try cheer me up after the the loss last night!tickets for the brittany and nicki minaj tomorrow night - i need2get looking. 
yay inbetweeners is in the cinemas august 17th should be well funny. 
target target four lions is on sunday night at 9pm on target make sure you watch it boys. 
had a great chat with top international referee dave pearson. bit in tomorrow's journal, & big feature nearer the rugby world cup kick-off. 
kicking off in london tonight? wait until you see the west ham fans tomorrow after we've beaten them 3-0. i am very happy. 
steelers going to beat the ravens tomorrow lol. 
listening to that elvis presley. he may be on to something with his rock and roll! 
boehner wants president to change speech to thurs instead of going against gop2012 debate. same time as packers-saints nfl opener? 
microsoft wasted my whole day today. but now i'm on win 7 sp1 v69sq with rockets on it. make it simple microsoft! also, i'm buying a mac. 
retweet if you're ready for big brother tonight! teamjorchel bb13 cbsbigbrother. 
last night for target lloyd robertson. a sad day for news, will miss that deep voice. 
off to see toby keith at the red rock casino amphitheater tonight in vegas. i am very happy. 
very impressed with joco teenage republicans! 16 teens showed up today, ready to fight big government and obama! 
maybe she won't.but shit then again maybe she will. - she will f**k that drake coming out today ! single off carter iv ! 
stayed up too late to watch the 1st ep of sons of anarchy. new favourite show! 
i will be at the movies friday night to see "final destination 5". i'm in love with scary movies i am happy. 
weird thing today, my copy of deus ex: hour shipped. probaby have the box a few days before steam lets me play it. 
if twilight wins all the awards at the tca's tonight, i will burn my twilight posters k? 
target good! well summerslam is on early monday morning live here at 1am so il be up watchin it for the great one. 
weezy's carter iv out on the 29th ! lets fuckin go. 
wooohooo channel 4 is playing the film four lions on sunday at 9pm, everyone should watch such a funny film! 
in an ideal world oregon and boise state will win sept 3rd and give power to the pac nw! 
- how true. think it's time for another deus ex playthrough before dx3 is released friday week. 
thanks rachel for the love on big brother last night! glad to entertain you on target. 
oh my god everyone please stop talking about the steelers tonight. we are not playing. we are irrelevant tonight. 
target target good morning, you two. have you heard about obama, the un, and agenda21? he's a traitor. 
talked bulletproof design among other cool topics with the mta yesterday. no, seriously, bulletproof design. 
pj harvey or king creosote would be deserving winners of the mercury2011 prize tonight but think tinie tempah will nick it. 
okay this wookie boy too childish he say i got to hear my favorite song 1st and this niggah play 1+1 by beyonce i am happy. i love that song man. 
about as much interest in today as i do in the rugby world cup. 
tweet di brintey so amazing to have the beautiful lady gaga at the show in ac tonight. love you girl.- britney. 
well, our playwright mel didn't make it to dawnsearlylight today due to mta's incompetence. so i guess we got to eat his birthday treats. 
sunday dialogue: curing the health system: . fostered by republicans who place ideology over country, took tha. 
so you thanks me and ask if i can spend the night.haha i don't even know you. 
evening grace patriots! god bless & restore are great country, are people, are vets, are men & women in uniform, & the nations of israel & japan! 
all right everyone lets do this. 2 winners tonight at 9pmest. girl and boy winners. 1600 microsoft points. at me and follow for a chance to win. 
target oh that'll be nice. where you going? umm think i'm going to see inbetweeners on wednesday, otherwise free? hannibal rising? 
i'm sorry she may be the queen but madonna is a bitch gogaga. 
mail on sunday: cesc fabregas is so desperate to leave arsenal for barcelona that he has offered to give up more . 
target you guys realize that summerslam is this sunday, right? why does the card have only 4 matches right now? 
macdougall is killing the raiders. mad dog scores 2nd after good leadup work from gidley and houston. gidley misses kick. knights 16-4. 
one night like in vegas i make that nigga famous. 
anderson silva is fighting saturday in the ufc. you know he can't lose. 
jersey shore season four tonight i am happy. 
this earthquake may be the only thing in the history of the mta that hasn't caused service disruptions. 
went to see "rise of the planet of the apes" tonight great movie b+ for sure.lchris-rockz! 
windows 7 brain damage this evening. apple should just buy microsoft and crush the life out of it. 
target target yeah, it's on netflix i think now. i still like the futuristic and action concepts even today. 
also back to school special celebrity juice on itv2 tonight! 
i was watching ex-ministries videos today and found out some shocking news about michael jackson! 
nikki walker will miss rugby world cup on account of the knee injury he sustained yesterday v italy. details on www.scotlandrugbyteam.org. 
i could have had the best day ever!.if i had went to the nicki minaj concert in ac tonight. 
want to wish legendary broadcaster lloyd robertson a great final newscast tonight. the man is a total class act. ctv lloydrobertson. 
target watched the cricket, awesome game, followed by jersey shore and seven dwarves! great night of tv! 
watching kung f**k you panda 2 with the tribe & the nieces.a mellow evening. 
my 1st ever male friend in london just send me a ping! that ping is so annoying, he is my 1st good friend bet why this ping? angry much. 
fake democrats lose in wisconsin primary recalls all six fake democrats lost to democrats supported by the party in primaries tuesday that. 
summerslam may be interesting after all! target saves the day again. 
steve jobs is my man of the century. 10 years ago, they were this close to bankruptcy. today, apple is the most valuable company in d world. 
no way to underestimate the madness and cynicism and frank and open loathing of country that characterizes today's republicans. 
can't wait until anderson silva taps out tonight target target. 
last night i had a dream that i made it to the vma's , & i was on 106&park talking about my album coming out. time to make it all a reality. 
ok, so i've watched jersey shore today for the first time ever. can't say i believe the hype. but its comical. 
nothing like a steak dinner then true blood on demand with my favorite person on earth! perfect saturday night i am happy. 
boehner wants obama to move his speech on wed to thurs of next week, due to the gop debate on wed. no sense of urgency while americans suffer. 
fire up the outrage machine, because channel 4 are showing four lions as part of a 9/11 anniversary season. 
we salute you lloyd robertson. good evening. ltotheltotheoyd fb. 
target cannot afford to go like target in the 4th. carter iv has to be great, anything less its a failure. 
four lions is a brilliant film but i think it may be a bit insensitive of channel 4 to show it so close to 9/11. 
target guess what i am working in the day on 17th meaning you can come over so we can be excited aaand we can go see inbetweeners! 
are you waiting for nokia n9 getting released in us. well, that may not happen. i am sad. 
i honestly cannot believe why australia aren't taking target to the rugby world cup. might not be 1st choice, but still a talent. 
ask for little wayne, get michael jackson. bug me about wiz khalifa, get guns & roses. the point of the night is to step outside the matrix. 
it's 1:30 in the morning and all i want to do is watch the vampire diaries. 
finished deus ex last night. should probably stay tight-lipped, but i think i can get away with saying the ending is superb! 
stuck at the office tomorrow saffers? missing ab's v tonga? try target on streaming alternative rugby commentary - arc. 
wohooo! rt target kung f**k you panda 2 (in 2d & 3d, both with indonesian subtitles) tentatively scheduled to open on tues 16 august ^isk. 
oh look, four lions is on channel 4 tonight. do watch it if you haven't before. brilliant film; i properly laughed and properly cried. 
shating rt target celebrity juice tonight 10pm itv2. its a back to school special. 
today i saw many great news, like _hp touchpad_ discount and another news is about nokia n9 swipe. this new. 
it's a historic day at ctv. tonight, lloyd robertson will anchor the national news for the last time lloyd. 
hmmm.thinking that now is a good time to win the lottery. 311day2012 in vegas and 311cruise in may.decisions to be made! 
target good morning irene ^_^ have a nice day! 
gamers! don't even think about missing the blurb tonight on challenge at midnight. we've got rage, deus ex, bodycount, dead island & more! 
in the car with the parents on the way back home home. heading to atlanta to say good-bye to "sweet irene"tomorrow. 
the mta should cost less at night. i think i waited more than 45 minutes. and it's pretty freaking hot underground. nycproblems. 
anderson silva better fuck up yushin okami tonight. 
the other night i had a dream uga beat boise state. let's hope it comes true. 
please believe on sept 9th i will be in the theater watching kevin hart's new movie. 
it still hasn't hit me yet that tomorrow is steelers & ravens day. 
sometimes you just got to put the michael jackson song from free willy on repeat all morning. 
our new dance instructor for clubfitness has toured with beyonce! you know our beyonce themed night is going to be crazy! 
oh my god worst last 10 days in a while. looking forward to true blood to cheer me up tonight. 
i may love asians from japan! but i have a girl that i'm going to marry. believe it! she's a ghetto ass short girl that's clumsy as fuck lol. 
saw "rise of the planet of the apes" with the girlfriend last night.it was a pretty damn good movie.y'all should go check it out. 
today's friendly fire number 1 goes to target because he's so good at computers that steve jobs is worried about job security. 
somewhere in appleland, steve jobs just spit his morning coffee onto his computer screen. 
next monday = vampire diaries are back! watch it i am happy. very happy now i am happy. 
remembering the good times with pavol demitra, i was there on this night.deeply saddened by todays tragedy ?v=2dr4xbe_4to. 
beyonce sang the words we could never come up with! "best thing i never had." i didn't give the song a chance at 1st, but it's growing on me. 
target congratulations to lloyd robertson on the gordon sinclair award tonight at the geminis. last broadcast on ctv nat'l news is thursday. 
congratulations to all the idiots rioting in nth london tonight - suppose we'll see you in the education related protests soon singlecell. 
ok i am done lookin at nicki minaj's titties for 2nite.found someone to skype with! smiles for those late night skype sessions.god bless women. 
just watched four lions, cool. awesome song to finish it with too. nowplaying aphex twin - avril 14th. 
target failed yet again with bpos and their customer service - "overnight work" - guess what microsoft? it's morning here. 
the wisdom of not running phony republicans tonight is this: all six dems are now winners. all six repubs are losers-to-be. wirecall p2. 
this friday night at the warehouse, dowtown shreveport, 9 pm. irene and the sleepers, super water sympathy, and cowboy mouth! be there! 
springbok captain john smit has torn ligaments in his right arm and may miss out on the rugby world cup. ek dink this gooie nuus! 
saadra: the droid bionic may be the most hyped phone in the history of gadgetdom. the latest round of spyshots. 
goodnight,irene.al,you are easily amused. this club stinks.i think that the brewers may upset the apple cart and win the nl pennant. 
remembering former st. louis blues star pavol demitra today. he was a true talent & class guy all the way. a very sad loss for his family. 
we will explain the true cause of the london riots on the front page of the sun : immigrants. 'hero police' will also get a headline. 
in barcelona tomorrow. time to bring out the tees and shorts i am happy. 
her's us making sure people feel okay with windows 7 today i am happy. buy windows 7 today, keep same pc for windows 8 upgrade ?hpg1=bn. 
mbaaah!shut up & sleep or sit down!(boom)*i love nohle* rt target wish i could fly to irene just 2 get my good night kiss! 
really hoping tonite lloyd robertson will ask us to goto the window and yell "i'm mad as hell and i'm not going to take it anymore!" lloyd. 
droid bionic seemingly clears the fcc, may finally be headed for us. 
hey gop, no matter how you slam obama, you own our credit rating downgrade. it is all your fault, & we'll remind you in nov 2012 p2 tcot. 
wayne is on his 4th single with carter iv already & still no album drop. sounds to me like he's searching for hits but hasn't found one yet. 
lloyd robertson's last newscast is tomorrow night. the end of an amazing career. and honestly, the end of an era thatsthekindofdayitsbeen. 
so sad to hear about pavol demitra & the other khl players' tragic passing in the plane crash today. absolutely terrible news. 
pj harvey has to win, nobody deserves it more, the new album was amazing! 
target got you in 6th rd. have a great year! here we go steelers, here we go! 
beyonce needs a new sound. you may call it hating, i'm just being real. 
look forward to watching alex reid on celebrity juice at 10pm on itv2 tonight. 
just found all of st: voyager on netflix. i know what i'm doing for the rest of the night. 
today a white boy told me nicki minaj was the best female rapper. i beg to differ. since when do schizophrenics get recognized like that? 
well the cool thing with democrats in power, doma is getting reviewed on the 20th. 
nicki minaj - pink friday, up 15 places, to 16 on the official uk top 40 i am happy. 
have you hated auburn today? 
espn got some good stuff on tonight. 
full time. happy days. apologies for the tweetathon, got to finish tomorrow's presentation now, derby in the morning. pizzasweats dominos. 
chargers pre season game with the seahawks on espn thursday. only pre season but still good to have nfl back on tv. 
because the night belongs to lovers -> nuit blanche video art love. i am happy. 
may the sun in his course visit no land more free,more happy, more lovely, than this our own country.happy independence day. 
talk to my dad tonight and we suppose to go to detroit in october to see all my family and my great granny! 
3words "tonight's the night" dexter targe. 
for my book worms: murder in italy about amanda knox and "in the middle of the night" about dr. petit family in connecticut are great reads! 
looking at the set for aladdin - great job target ! anticipating watching hundreds of kids sing, dance & act tonight targe. 
jets flying low over the house this morning. gives me a tingle of excitement. only a week to go before i take off. but 4now, out into cold. 
target omg, he's comming to mexico! i'll be on 1st line, believe. jailbait rt mei am happy. 
saturday is the last day of summer streets in nyc. enjoy car-free streets between brooklyn bridge and central park! 
target according to reporters on the scene, lions rookie rb mikel leshoure was carted off field today with a left leg injury. sorry bro. 
addicted to dexter. what's new. almost done with season 5 and i just got it on thursday! 
target happy birthday in italy. i am very happy. i know it's tomorrow but party is today! enjoy your time a mom&davide my disabled boy: we love u2. 
if you thought the london riots were bad just wait until the mexico city riots break out once they get word lopez tonight got cancelled. 
this is the last sunday with out football .,nfl is back baby. 
the lovely target on the show friday. until that beeyotch showed up andy rooney and i were the hottest mamacitas on cbs. 
rungeordierun should be given a heros welcome at the arsenal game on saturday.target target. 
nolito with an assist and a superb winner for benfica against arsenal last night. he really is turning on the heat! 
my mom just told me she's getting an ipad 2 on friday.i better get a mac for christmas. 
twitterverse blowing up about shannon sharpe's awesome hall of fame speech. we'll have the video clip on nfl.com a little later tonight. 
glad to see the coaches are paying attention to their poll. auburn, which is likely to finish 5th in second west, no. 19 in country? 
comedy central is a good look tonight. 
had a little trip out to the old town of albuquerque, could easily be mexico or spain! off to vegas tomorrow should get there monday morning! 
mail on sunday: cesc fabregas is so desperate to leave arsenal for barcelona that he has offered to give up more . 
target how they gone kill you on the 1st episode of the new season of breakout kings? damn no more eye candy. miss you. 
mcilroy keeps a steady hand during the honda classic second round | golf channel via target. 
i still remember those days when demi was tweeting lyrics from unbroken and now she's tweeting lyrics from her 4th album! i am so excited! i love it. 
now that the sun is on him, my iguana is more active. 
can't wait for im so sorry tomorrow. not but at least ill have kenna with me. 
happy birthday wilt chamberlain! he may be dead, but was also known for being stiff when he was alive. 
i love watching mersey side derbys but you just know mariner will ruined it in the 1st 10 minutes. 
on the real tho. i don't care if you never go to your schools young life, you should definitely go to all city tomorrow night. 
who is ready to party with us, march fourth marching band, and mthds this saturday night at the gothic theatre?. 
i don't care if tomorrow decides to be a shitty day i'm going to make it the best goddamn day ever. 
ermagerd! conor oberst target target is playing the barbican centre in february. i must find a way. 
happy birthday target ! national bieber day . now he's 18th years, but he's stillkidrauhl indonesiasayshbdforjustinbieber. 
trifecta.lions win.tigers win.tigers win again = a good sunday siting on the couch. 
so in marching band we're supposed to have music memorized for saturday.i've had it down since band camp whoops overachiever dontmindme. 
david miliband on bbcqt! this is going to be a wild thursday night! 
counting by christina grimmie reminds me of nashville. i always listen to it on the roadtrip. saturday will be no exception i am happy. 
this mess is coming towards us tomorrow. spc has a slight risk out for tomorrow, and we'll know more about what it. 
watched the cabin in the woods, silent house, psycho, and the rocky horror picture show today! i am happy.) tomorrow iba naman ulit! i am very happy. 
tryna make tomorrow much better. 
cliff avril leaves detroit lions game with back injury: detroit lions defensive end cliff avril left sunday's game. 
- joseph prince (fb):jesus is not present to find fault with you today. you may have been raised in. 
my sister and i are going to social media this saturday afternoon to watch lorax. i am so asking my dad for popcorn money. i am happy. 
if i ever celebrated halloween i'd either be janet jackson from poetic justice or the girl with the braids from friday. i am very happy. 
harris english may be playing some incredible golf at the moment, but the ap still labels his photos as "zach johnson. 
starts friday night irving plaza new york city me and target touring with chiodos <- stoked. 
a single-vehicle crash early sunday morning claimed the life of a selma teen. james brandon banks, 19, was. 
target best line ever as abby "he wears $3000 sun glasses & has justin beiber on his harddrive cant we arrest him for that? 
'simchat torah bash!' at the chaplains tomorrow night at 9! a night you will enjoy as much as purim! see event for more details! 
directioners! now we have to prove that we are a big family! on friday released video for the song little things. 
really looking forward to the passion 4 pink event tomorrow night at medusa in brownsville. it's perfect. 
when did wilt chamberlain have time for basketball?: tuesday marked the birthday of greatest athlete to come fro. 
i will be performing at the don't care star on september 1st hope you all can come thru!twitter.com/uxzjcsul. 
ok, going to be with target on saturday at social media bacolod, to meet my crush! xd! 
tonight $2 tipsy tuesdays at 1433 arch street at big bangs good food, music, and $2 drinks at ( 15th & arch. 
steve emerson interview on shameful us response to islamist riots on sun television : ipt in the news : the investigat. 
lorenzo brown gave nervous ncstate fans one less thing to worry about on tuesday in spain. 
just watched the whole 2nd season of breakout kings only to find out they canceled the fucking show -.-. 
state qualifiers, young life, short day tomorrow lifes pretty damn good(. 
fancy an enhanced acca on your sunday morning? take the 9/1 on espanyol, lazio & heracles all winning! 
don't miss this tonight and tomorrow! big day of the dead celebration!. 
eskom's entrepreneurship education simama ranta 9 provincial winning schools exhibit at coca-cola dome 13 - 16 september. see you there. 
me myles and will are all sat in chesters bed with chester on the floor. playing fifa. feel like a boy. 
asikkk nanti di konser java jazz ada kak sierranya,hmm it's a good news!*lirik targe. 
can't wait to see the lakers tomorrow! 
pack's brown looks to rebound: lorenzo brown and the wolfpack are hoping today's game. 
ted nugent said it best when he was recently asked: what is america's single worst problem? i'd argue ignorance is a very close 2nd. 
gabe carimi called for his 2nd holding and 3rd in 2 games. but got lucky with offsetting calls. its his first time facing de cliff avril. 
2 in the bcs! let's all enjoy this moment in the sun. it's been a long time coming for the wildcat faithful! 
tomorrow! if you havent marked it in your calender.do it now! christina grimmie on dwts! history will be made! 
adhitia sofyan on java jazz, march 3rd, can't wait! give me a day off, please. 
bjp members walk out from jpc meeting on 2g: bharatiya janata party members on tuesday walked out of the party. 
take care (geddit) to see a celebration of harold pinter at internet protocol on sat aug 25 with celebrated actor julian sands - 01943 609539 for tickets. 
this saturday i'll be playing business to business with dark-e at sjoekoe birthday bash ( cherry moon ). be there! full line up. 
pakistan cricket board hopeful of bangladesh visit: karachi: pakistan's cricket board said on sunday it hopes to. 
love shepard fairey's work and in particular this portrait of bob dylan, the reluctant spokesman. 
tryna prepare myself for this concert sunday. two of the greatest hip-hop/r&b artist on the same stage, same. 
btw, whoever decided to use rohypnol as a date rape drug, may you get creepy diseases and may you wish to die every second of your life! >_<. 
ahhh song joongki. why you still on the 3rd place ? *sobs*. 
happy birthday roman abramovich. treat yourself to a nice present in january. i think radamel falcao would fit the bill nicely. 
target make sure you tune into target on , tomorrow from 1pm to 3pm, special guest young savage. 
get excited for the local q birthday bash on friday night by checking out the band profile of trifecta here. 
happy birthday to the late, great jim henson. changed the world of entertainment. may have to stick a muppet film on in tribute later. 
an incredible day in west liberty, ky. a small but strong community moving forward after march 2 tornadoes. 
mersey side derby then the nfl at wembley. nice little sunday lined up. 
this dude from jerusalem say he can't take a test thursday because holloween wednesday&he's going to have a hang over purehonesty. 
looks for tom boonen but knows he'll be face down in a mountain of sherbet. race day tomorrow. prep of pros. 
target let's just say, i call it the casey's trifecta. i'll explain in homeroom tomorrow.after i ask cory to homecoming lol. 
wichita stop that is just a team full of corncobs. also, if they play "we ready" today, place will explode. shakeandbakejays bootstoasses. 
celebrating stop that george's day, the bard's birth day or even world book day? april 23rd is a great day for history, heritage & culture. 
target met you today at cobham! gave you my twitter? any chance of that follow mate? thanks for stopping, good luck tomorrow dude! 
target i love doing that, hey we are running the fox run tomorrow together ok ? lets try and beat the record. 
rg-3 showed me a lot of skill today but, the nyg & defense secures eli's 24th come from behind victory! forcing 5 turnovers on wsh hihaterz. 
target come and enjoy java jazz on the move target jan 28th . serpong jauh, cyinn! i am happy. 
its tuesday & time for young life! 8:32pm union lyceum. takin' it up a notch tonight! come join us whywouldyounot. 
can't wait 4 mon! target target check out bill carter's piece in the target : "prime-time stern" targe. 
not too late to come down to our monday night open microphone to sing or just have a good time! iguana 240 w 54 st. will be here till 9 pm. 
this time tomorrow i will be at alexandra palace seeing jack white live for the second time in the last two months. i am very happy. 
just got him tickets to the knicks vs celtics game on october 20 laughing my f**king a** off how mad would he be ? 
saturday 27/10/12 regal in session with the big tunes crew at the iguana reading more niceness to keep yeah skanking hard. 
looking forward to preaching at plant city's first baptist sunday at 6:30pm. new city church will be baptizing 2 into the kingdom. praise god. 
tonight! we proudly pres. our 7th halloween party with limewax & many more - this time at studio 21. 
happy 15th anniversity kuya gloc9 you are number 1 rapper and francis. 
can't wait to see target in south africa on the 14th dude is on another level. check this out ?v=-tww3ihzgsg. 
i miss one day & it seems like they're about to give me im so sorry tomorrow. what the f**k pt. 
i wish stevie television was on i'd be laughing right now, well,pandora it is ! 
i will see him perform at club pulse tomorrow so happy laughing out loud my bday. come party with me. 
good monday morning and happy world book day! i am very happy. 
don't forget, wednesday night is the weekly amateur contest at showgirls in plant city. come see me emcee! $300 cash prizes. 
5 page paper due tomorrow and what am i doing with my time? watching the animal planet. 
had a great conversation with a guy at 16th & mission after he gave me his last book for world book day. it was nifty, dude! 
don't get me on the topic of andrew breitbart again. i cried like a child last saturday. 
oh wait if george osborne gets shipped out to space on the b ark from douglas adams' book, he's going to demand an upgrade to 1st class. 
tbt a year ago tomorrow i would have met the amazing christina grimmie i am happy. 
mark martin: morning! *yawn* good weekend so far? 'like' this status if you're having a lazy sunday or. 
cliff avril leaves detroit lions game with back injury: detroit lions defensive end cliff avril left sunday's game against the minnes. 
jack welch and mort zuckerman are always on giving 'wisdom'. isn't their business style part of what made this mess in the 1st. 
best of luck to target at illinois state tonight! domination of the 2nd half of the mvc season starts tonight! 
target vanessa's going to be at the soccer field tomorrow, not the gym-- she forced me to tell you i am happy. 
zionsville students did well on istep! see the results and quotes from school superintendent scott robison in tomorrow's paper! 
(native) america day is coming up next thursday! target and i are going all out. jointhetribe mysoulisnative. 
yeah i'm pretty sure i'm going to selma tomorrow. 
target come with me, and you will see target target target and david taylor at pivopivo tomorrow night. 
tomorrow's monday and i'm looking forward for it. will be hanging out with an old shatec friend of mine, ying. manhattan and ice-skating. i am very happy. 
dee dee ramone's exhibition of visual work opens tomorrow! dee dee & shepard fairey prints for sale at the opening! friday 8pm-11pm. 
big redd, young savage and reed dollaz will be on stage tomorrow night! philly it's going down! 
vbnss daily digit: exchanges lost $1 mln a day - oct 31 - nyse, nasdaq, and the cboe each lost about $1 million in . 
slept for about 11 hours. i seem to be in quite an odd mood. a** hole well, target in play offs tonight (2am) and jack white on sunday! 
the lovely target is apparently coming to stop that david's hall in january. 
hoping rob elliot gets his chance too,as much as i love harper, he was clearly off pace on monday,krul would have seen us win 2-0 nufc uel. 
i'm ready to defend the 3 stars & a sun! happy birthday sir francis m! 
weak d and a penalty set up a short td run for eastern. 'cats 17-14 with 2:08 left in 1st half. 
good win for nufc. nine changes to sunday's team and still doing well. got to keep this going now. 
men's latest bedroom worry: '50 shades': e l james' 'fifty shades of grey' may be supercharging the sex-drives. 
jett lounge thursday night! it's going to be hot! come party with me and kenny smoove he is one of the hottest producers and many more! 
peter whittingham now officially overtaken the mighty affirmative johnson as my favorite ccfc player ever! more of the same tuesday please. 
trifecta will be performing at the 19th green in jeffersonville in on thursday sept 6 at 8pm! come join the party! 
physics professor just extended our assignment from 11:30 tonight to 11:30 tomorrow.i guess he isn't the only one drinking. 
i just found out that it's his birthday last thursday. belated happy birthday francis. i am very happy. 
steve emerson on sun news network with michael coren - political correctness has damaged all aspects of life .ufjodn8nlcw.twitter. 
i hope you all not sleeping on the blackout homecoming party this friday at club pulse. shit is really about to crinack. 
my 1st tweet, chose you target saw you in banff, thankful our snow isn't as damaging as the weather you're dealing with! keep safe & dry. 
coaches like gonzaga's chances - mon, 29 oct 2012 pst: don't count the zags out after their run of wcc basketball. 
alright, just woke up, about to go ball. open lobby tonight and tomorrow, going to be going for crazy 100+s! i am very happy. 
creighton volleyball leads 8-5 early in 2nd set. match becomes even bigger with both wichita st. & missouri state down 0-1 at home tonight. 
target can't wait to see you guys tomorrow sa get at social media bacolod! i am happy.) 
wilt chamberlain 2 may be the best one. 
beloved, don't worry about tomorrow! wake up every morning conscious of jesus' supply. joseph prince. 
just got back from school i am happy. aaaggghhh he is 18. i've been having a spazzing attack the whole day :o national bieber dayi love it. target i am happy. 
rt'd tweet: a bit of sunday fun, shot in whitstable, kent and muscat, oman! 'down poured the heavens'. 
omegapharma-quickstep won gold, with a little help from compex! watch out for tony martin (tomorrow) & tom boonen (sunday). fingers crossed! 
last 24hrs covered delhi, passing through punjab, haryana. tomorrow morning jammu. just loving it! 
we're thrilled that grandpa's workshop is a main feature in the education category of the application store for a 2nd week! 
uk: chancellor osborne try to sneak into 1st class train with standard ticket - breaking news buzz. 
target love! see you tomorrow at social media sta. 
i really want target to tweet me since i bought 4 tickets to his concert october 9th irving plaza nyc. 
buses in the white hart lane & high road n17 area may be subject to diversion & delays due to tottenham hotspur match. 
kinder morgan (kmi) said friday it agrees to pay $110m to settle investors' lawsuits related to its ac. 
congratulations to nmrhs marching band on placing 1st in nesba competition saturday& for winning a gold medal at the micca competition today. 
target aj will you follow me for my birthday? also looking really forward to seeing you all nov 10! i am happy. my first college game i am happy. 
photoset: for the adorable and loveable man, song joongki, happy 27th birthday! despite your looks not. 
the record is looking for creative&&talented ppl. join prof.thorbjornsen&&dr.beverly on the 10th from 3-4pm in rose parlor. 
somebody braiding my hair tomorrow i don't care who but if it doesn't look good i'm taking it out. 
target thought you might appreciate this photo taken of aj at the celebration sunday better than anyone!twitter.com/rfa01cr5. 
bjp doing drama to hide facts, says minister - the government tuesday accused the bharatiya janata party. 
confirmed: ice cream sandwich finally coming to the droid bionic tomorrow, october 19th. 
congress lashes out at bjp over coal block issue: lashing out at the bharatiya janata party on wednesday for its. 
target ps i have been seeing on our chicago news about henryville's new (old?)have a good day tomorrow it is midnight already. 
3dt make sure you find your self at the "s.e.c" this thursday for $3 thursdays! $3 with college id $5 with reg. id until 11pm! 
dtn pakistan: pakistan hopeful of bangladesh visit: pakistan's cricket board said sunday it hopes to arrange . 
i hate watching movies like friday after next on vh1 , bet, mtv,& etc. because they take out the bad language -__-. it's no fun ! 
i need to go find some sweets, then i'm outtt. another 12 hour day of marching band tomorrow nevergetsold. 
last chance to see silent house with drinks and a tour of the london tombs tomorrow night! enter now. 
the snickerdoodle-strawberry ice cream sandwich is back! we'll be at the sr wed. night mkt, guernville farm. 
mark martin: hello you! good weekend so far? 'the hot 20' is on but can one direction hold onto 'saturday. 
velonews: tom boonen happy with amgen tour so far, but hopes for first win in sunday's final stage in la. 
philly girls love going to big bangs, kifs, fat tuesday, etc. 
i am not getting on twitter tomorrow because all my tough luck will consist of is a bunch of girls talking about justin beiber aintgottimeforthatshit. 
the orange county armenian festival is going on today and tomorrow 15 & 16 in laguna hills. come and enjoy. 
happy 21st b day target looking forward to another trip to knoxville. 
darren sammy and dwyane bravo will donate there full 3rd match(vs nz) fee to runako morton's wife! dedicating it to a team man! rip morton. 
i tell katie there's supposed to be a good firework display in banff this saturday. she replies with "oh right during the day yeah?" yeah. 
target are sponsoring the education initiative of the year award at societyawards12 tomorrow. good luck to those shortlisted. 
andre villas-boas talking like there may actually be some truth to the stories about adebayor wanting to leave :'''). great signing. 
good to see real progress on the cleanup and rebuilding in henryville, in from the march 2nd tornado. 
steve emerson on sun news network with michael coren - political correctness has damaged all aspects of life : . 
dear christina grimmie, you may not know it but sometimes your songs are all i need when i'm feeling down. 
i totally forgot justin biebers is going to dallas tomorrow *loads up the ak*. 
had a good time with student teacher, steve emerson today at the home brew class. next one will be june. 
redlicki/tahir are set to play wichita state duo of gregurovic/nicol at 5 pm et in the 1st round of doubles. tulsaita goduke. 
national bieber day in all the countriesi love it. 
heres everybody's warning nobody better piss me off tomorrow, i don't care who you are i'm going to snap done imatmybreakingpoint canttakethisanymore. 
got some great shots of the march fourth marching band tonight at americaplatz target they were fantastic! 
jim luxford of east york with calendar 1381619, our 1st $5,000 daily winner for september 11! 
studio tomorrow, all i can think about. relaxing with homies and working on new music. 
as of tonight it goes down at big bangs.15th and arch st.10-2am.crazy drink specials and more.music by. 
maino had a great 1st album and beat niggas asses, that's the type of person we need in hip hop. 
excited to interview the new cast of dwts tonight for e news! they have no idea what their in for. i am very happy. 
looking to start the week with success! lots of thoughts about tonight's mnf match between man city & swansea. 
the re-release of 'in desolate times' is available worldwide today! including bonus tracks. grab a copy and let us know what you think! 
so pretty much i am going to believe that myt 10,000th tweet will come sometime tonight during the mnf game jets at texans on espn. 
flying out to hou monday for the jets-texans pre season mnf game! "cant wait" flightboys. 
woot! so excited that i get to watch tonight's game. go colts! 
target verlander is possibly ahead of cc, more same old s**t better era, but cc will bounce back after last night's outing like he always does. 
the takeaway from tonight's game: the colts' run defense was huge. and curtis painter rightfully owes us all (us especially) a big finger. 
lucy hale is trending worldwide! the girls from prettylittleliars are getting some love from the fans tonight. congrats, targe. 
queen latifah may be going 'dancing': remember when a "dwts" insider confirmed to us that the show was aiming for a higher caliber of. 
tough week but tomorrow is a fresh start. the only good thing about monday is you get to start over. plus target are on mnf! 
hope i get to catch monday night football tonight, havent got to see a game yet.it's only preseason wk1, but feel like i have missed a lot. 
kerry collins may look like an old mouse. and hold on to the ball like one. but is a curtis painter experiment really that much better? 
they figure they better get it all in tonight cause of verlander tomorrow? is that it? 
interesting visit with terra nova yesterday at stoneleigh, blowing a hoolie and voyager 2.2 wasn't moving, class tent. 
good friday morning people! redskins friday.let's take care of the colts tonight even with out payton manning. 
curtis painter's finally going to get a shot tonight. i can't help but root for that guy! 
peyton manning . if curtis painter is starting on sunday, i am going to lose my shit. 
big night. going to watch the cards thrash the pirates for a bit and then the 2011 target debut on mnf. 
since i'm a redneck i'm going to pull up to the heritage game friday blaring some hank williams with my cowboy hat and blue jeans yeahbuddy. 
target yah i know it's on. but it keeps saying monday night football and says mnf on the scoreboard. i'm just confused because it's thursday. 
on the bright side dwts cast cumin mon. my girl kym better b on &hav someone that she has a chance 2 win again! go kym ! i am happy. 
target rt coco may be on the next season of dwts. if she makes it, i'll watch the 1st episode. how about you?916.1041 targe. 
damn. if i was able to go today i could have watched the advanced screening of terra nova i am sad. 
colts game was fun tonight. love spending time with my fam. 
tonite it goes down! street f**k me on 90.1fm in ny broadcasting worldwide at www.wusb.fm or watch inside the studio at www.justin.tv/streetfm. 
gotexans v. the dirty jets football team on mnf tonight -. 
target wow, you're the reason why 2 topics trended worldwide today. someone ought to be a happy little owl bunny toniiight! 
so verlander is starting tomorrow against the indians and i have to stay over at work. 
weird music mood today . lots of hank williams and johnny cash running through the iphone. 
worcestershire? what are you on about? still coming down from your 1st half high? worldwide fanbase is something mcfc don't have! 
target hey adam, your new album is trending worldwide yesterday. thank to your indonesian fans! they're just can't wait! 
man,i want to go fuxs with the homies target target target tonite for mnf at the horn but i can'ti am sad. 
spot price on 14kt gold is $49.08 don't wanna talk in tampa bay today - crazy that gold is over $1800/ounce - remember when the real price was $300.00. 
nfl and espn have as many kinks to work out as the teams -- they just flashed the "monday night football" graphic. 
next person to comment below wins 4 tickets for tonight or tomorrow night's colts game against the mcallen thunder! 
show them what it isrt target love it when scouts be at our practice. i counted 4 today. broncos , miami , philly , && tampa bay . 
another heated game tonight between nsc minnesota and fruit cake tampa bay. be sure to make your predictions! week 23 is already up. 
if espn has a hank williams "are you ready for some football?" song for tonight, i might pass out with happiness. 
this may be a fact! rt target curtis painter will help the colts win their first game! you heard it here first! 
aw what the hell curtis painter coming in and we give up 3rd and 18 conversion. 
curtis painter is totally going to get lucky tonight, probably with another girl that looks just like him. 
target deathly hallows part ii now become the 3rd high grossing movie in worldwide all of time with $1.133m . absolutely amazing ! 
curtis painter.we have a chance again! can't believe kerry collins didn't throw us a pick-six tonight. 
today in the weird, world of musical history.hank williams was fired from the grand ole opry and told not to return until he was sober. 
my sons were watching mtv the other night. looked like an absolute freak show. what happened to hank williams, johnny cash, real music? 
can't wait to go to colts game with my sweetness tonight. 
rt target tomorrow is the big cast reveal for season 13 of dwts! make sure you tune in to the bachelor pad to find out the sexy cast. 
proudofallstar? fuck yeah. let's get it trending worldwide just like we got allstar weekend trending worldwide tonight!(. 
dear espn - you aren't fooling anyone with your "monday night football" graphics. its thursday. just make that's not funny graphics. 
two good abs by hosmer against verlander tonight, even if he has just a walk and flyout to show for it. 
target good morning the new cast of dwts is going to be on good morning america on tuesday morning, hope your appts. go well, love u! 
curtis painter did the curtis painter last night. a fumble and one walk-in td overthrown by 8 yards. 
target after tonight colts fans are going to say manning is john beck like. 
target the dwts cast will be announced tonight! are you in it?! oh i hope sooo! you'd be so fun to watch and you'd have so many fans! 
looking forward to going to the colts game this evening! 
quite enjoying target on mnf - he looks more at home sat down though - i don't think he knows what to do with his hands when he's stood up. 
rt if you're stoked about monday night football! 
love it when scouts be at our practice. i counted 4 today. broncos , miami , philly , && tampa bay . 
be sure to catch former owl football player lestar jean on espn's monday night football tonight at 8 p.m. with houston. go owls! 
rick porcello is not rick wild thing vaughn. i am worried the real ubaldo is back. good thing verlander is tomorrow. tigers yikes. 
wow! so you think you can dance finale tonight and tomorrow, 19 days until dwts cast announcement, 40 days until dwts, where did the summer go. 
indians are up 8-3! they have to win tonight, facing verlander tomorrow! 
colts game tomorrow with drew budd! 
french pressed cup of verve's los naranjos with a bit of hank williams. good morning! 
lucy hale is trending worldwide! the girls from prettylittleliars are getting some love from the fans tonight. congrats, targe. 
thanks to target kim & i are going to the rascal flatts concert tonight! thank you tampa bay's best country! 
yay !rt target excited to interview the new cast of dwts tonight for e news! they have no idea what their in for. i am very happy. 
target hope you win tonight tom! your us and worldwide fans from target and target are cheering for u! 
if i'm reading the twitter trend list correctly, people are really happy that verlander beat the royals yesterday. 
colts game tonight! 
what will have a better television rating. cardinals v rockies tonight or mnf with texans and jets? reg season hardball v preseason football. 
yes. i'm ready for hs, college & pro. bring it! target make monday better! we can now come home to mnf! you ready for some football? 
trying to leave, i'm only 10 minutes late (so far) - still need to dash to the ladies room. can't wait to hear who is on dwts tonight! 
i fail to see why the rams are playing twice on mnf this fall-isn't once enough?and their 1st div game isnt until wk9!un-frickin-real. 
there won't be just a party in the usa tonight there'll be a party worldwide when miley wins. tcaformiley. 
after that, i'll start plugging mine and target live tweet of the new fox show terra nova on september 26. 
man was that jets and cowboys game awesome or what. great entertainment thats for sure. time to hear some hank williams gettin rowdy tonight. 
mnf tonight! let's go sexy rexy! 
laughing my a** off rt target curtis painter looks like the kind of guy who would try to buy beer on sunday. 
huge thanks to those of you who came out to my photography workshops today at terra nova! 
londonriots is trending 3rd worldwide . this is not something to be proud of united kingdom! sort it out! 
i had a fun day on terra nova. followed by a ho-down at the end of the night. got plenty of screen time. look for the only dancing soilder! 
today, we found out that rob henry tore his acl, steve jobs is stepping down, the colts signed kerry collins, and the carter 4 leaked. 
monday night football - gary neville did well even if at times he was like a train spotter talking about the female clitoris. 
happy birthday, hank williams. in honor if the hank turning 88, we'll play 88 hank songs in a row tonite target honkytonk. 
new cast of dwts to be anounced at 8pm tonight! so excited i am happy. the meeting tonight better be done, or "someone" will have to lend me their phone i am happy. 
target target i'd recommend just turning it off and waiting for verlander tomorrow. 
rt target it's monday and monday night football is on my mind. rt if you love football! 
all i know is the road for that lomardi start at tonight! we will set a record for a pre-season mnf i can guarantee it. 
i'm pisseeeddd that i missed kid cudi's show in dallas, it was trending worldwide that night, &all i am hearing is positive reviews of lolla. 
lunch from my new little spot .the cotton bowl .pretty good 1st time will be going back. 
snc halloween pr. let's work it for sunday.packers vs.who knows or caresn. snc cheerpracticeonhalloween. 
louis inspired outfit on monday and zayn inspired outfit today.4/5 done just need harry i am happy. 
i love the banner that was unfurled in the united end last night. it read: "chelsea - standing up against racism since sunday. 
repost chris bosh may be ugly. but he has a gorgeous wife and adorbs baby. i want to be happy like them one. 
gold edges down ahead of us jobs data: singapore (reuters) - gold edged lower on friday, with investors waiting for. 
monday before i leave singapore, i am going to post something that might be offensive. 
here in the philippines, its november 2 and i was like where's my phone?! what is the time in london?! excited littlethngs targe. 
tonight dr. terrie hale scheckelhoff will be formally installed as the 11th head of school. welcome to the saints family target. 
'love-cheat' daniel radcliffe splits with girlfriend rosie coker: london, oct 19: daniel radcliffe has split wit. 
patriots extend lead, cruise into 4th with 38-7 lead - pats pulpit: the patriots extended their lead in the 3rd . 
pretty little liars was the shit ! i can't wait until tomorrow ! i want to see who all innocent & who got something to do with allison dying ! 
target texas and baylor both looked awesome last night. we are heading to the games tomorrow night.i say final is texas/baylor. 
7factsaboutmybestfriend 17, plays softball, loves the lakers, she's a la girl, junior, birthday september, 15th & she loves her black boys! 
waking up to a niners win, makes tuesday get off to a great start! 21-3 over the cards and 2 games clear in the no f**king clue west. 
contest tomorrow! i will post a local tucson property that is currently active in the tucson mls. the first person. 
well if no ones going to school tomorrow then i guess i won't go. 
tom brady wins away from computer offensive player of the week for 22nd time (via target. 
watching contraband on the pvr & it's too frigging predictable to continue watching. going to go wash my hair. 
steal by chalmers, on the break away and is fouled by garnett. that is his 3rd foul of this game. celtics 299comm. 
free to watch! justified: "justified" follows marshal raylan givens, a modern day 19th century-style lawman. 
target i admire the relationship you have with your family. laughing out loud iron man's a pretty suitable costume. good luck monday go saints! 
lance just left, dinner with the family was great. managed to watch napoleon dynamite and the devil inside. long story short: wonderful sunday. 
come see the david bowie tribute show i'm in at king king, h'wood, nov 4 & 5 (my b'day). 6 singers/dancers, 6 pc band - killin! 
your like jordan's on a saturday i got to have you and i cannot wait. 
up 20 points in my money league with vernon davis and l. fitz still to go tomorrow. thats what i like to see. 
deejaying this friday in the first chop it's chris actual smith with a smashing mish mashing of tunes from stoke. 
target reply levein discussion on wed. can't keep changing boss, but he is far too negative. brazil gone, new boss could experiment. 
hustle cause you got to then kick back and party everyday like its friday. 
i can't sleep. way too exited about vancouver tomorrow! i'm like a kid at christmas. 
entertainment: tina fey and amy poehler are hosting the golden globes, airing jan 13. get ready for a night full of laughs! 
pause i bet the clippers are going to get in the lakers ass friday. 
target it's confirmed that you can listen to the deluxe version of tmh on itunes 9pm gmt on nov 5th, monday. 
busy day tomorrow, staging at bliss instead of sustenio! both very cool places. and my last night in texas. its going to be great! i am happy. 
thursday night is reserved for comedys on nbc, fx and tonight, nfl network. 
?v=mxbi75agbbu&noredirect=1 its going down in deathvalley this saturday! geaux tigers target target target. 
get to see my big sister sunday and watch the packers game! missher target. 
not only is target home from china, she's in la. i called her and screamed mandyyy.i'm going to hug her for 2 hours tomorrow! 
going to singapore tonight i am happy. excited for skyfall + penny boarding tomorrow! 
target you am not gone do shit tomorrow we gone see chicken shit. 
so clattenburg's alleged racism may mean end of his career; terry, suarez, rio use it and can't play for a couple of weeks? 
pretty little liars is not back until the 8th of january! i'm devastated. 
the philippines just passed a law worse than sopa, which actually criminalizes criticizing someone online. 
emile heskey has sure started his a-league career well. 4 goals in 3 games! may it continue. "match stats .uiprod2tiqu.twitter. 
these past few weeks i haven't been excited about scandal, grey's or fried chicken thursday.this semester has shown me no mercy smh. 
target i'll be in london, within zayn's birthday the 12th of january meet you there hahaaha dreams and imagination of mine . 
anybody at the trib: where is ike taylor's friday column? sucks i can't find it. first one i've actually looked forward to reading. 
get pumped for the new season of justified! 
7thingsaboutmybestfriend 1.she is in love with zayn malik and beau brooks 2.ive known her since 5th grade(; 3.she is so tiny! 
i hope anderson starts tomorrow's game he did very against chelsea. 
new series of greys anatomy starts on 07 november - one good thing about winter is the return of the best us shows! 
two-thirds of the national collegiate athletic association football season are completed. the race for the bcs title game is heading to a huge controversy. 
hawks fam, twitpic your halloween costume to win a pair of tickets to see the hawks defeat the rockets this friday targe. 
sitting at home on a saturday night doing absolutely nothing. guess i'll just watch greys anatomy all night. lonerproblems greysanatomy. 
cardinals try to pick up the pieces against packers: embarrassed on monday night, the arizona cardinals are left. 
off to anfield on sunday for lfc vs newcastle with target excited. 
vegas beat: ellen reveals that madonna helped her come out of the closet: tuesday's episode of ellen featured th. 
can't wait to go to the wvu vs. tcu game on saturday. 
very much looking forward to saturday. afternoon tea and firework display at the celtic manor. 
muhammad ali came into my work tonight to eat.i think that being in the presence of a legend made this tuesday pretty legit. 
i didn't want new york to miss my madonna show. get ready for monday! it's going to be on wnbc! there is a godi love it. thanks ellen :'3. 
life just isn't the same when there is no pretty little liars on tuesday nights. 
target despite what you may have heard, i actually do give a shit." --honey badger, in an interview with piers morgan" targe. 
njed please join target and myself this tuesday at 8:30 pm as we discuss hib. special guest moderator target glad to have you. 
just been informed my police hat from saturday has made a home in chalmers and no doubt has made a home with some skank sob. 
watched a pride and prejudice play and then the season finale of the 2nd season of downton abbey. tonight is so british. 
i hate how mlk jr got caught apewalkin at the selma march. 
napoleon dynamite may be the most awkward person ever. 
got to rockdale today and going back to houston tomorrow thank god! 
pacers fans are going to have fun on saturday. 
congratulations on scoring your first goal for swansea yesterday. may i say that you look exactly like jonas gutierrez ! 
target | that way, the orange bowl would always be a part of me. i think it was a wise choice. shit, is it thursday yet? game time! 
love my new toy.i mean my ipod touch.5th generation.does everything but make phone calls and has no gps ability.i don't need those options. 
gold edges down ahead of us jobs data: singapore (reuters) - gold edged lower on friday, with investors waiting . 
holy shit. i just realized that i missed pretty little liars on tuesday. :/. 
but tonight when i went to see madonna at the scottrade when i walked in i started crying because i thought about last saturday. 
.it's jason and i 3rd year anniversary today & it's my baby makes 3 months today! i am the happiest and luckiest lady on earth i am happy. 
wow, what a weekend: flying lotus, zombie apocalypse, writing, patriots, dog beach.goodnight everyone. monday morning, screw you. 
we're going to be in the rose parade tomorrow with the other obedience club dogs! lizzie will be wearing roses! i am very happy. 
chris bosh may not be easy on the eyes, but he has a freakin beautiful family! 
bu grads are the 7th most employable in us after harvard, yale, stanford, mit, columbia, and princeton. 
also don't forget yourhealthisyour wealth 11.14.12 that wednesday before theakademyawards come do zumba with your target. 
an alarm on my phone still goes off every thursday for a jon huntsman for president national finance team call. probably time to delete it. 
watching eddie izzard circle. sooo funny but i think it's bed time. will make andy watch it with me tomorrow. 
looking forward to a fun weekend in the mountains and enjoying the snow in california. have a great friday. 
me: "hey mom. danielle gets her license tomorrow. you know what car she drives. a range rover, pretty cool huh?" mom: "no. fuck off sam. 
people's choice awards site is sooo slow, come on i want to vote. 
looking fowrard to kaman returning this saturday when mavs face the bobcats! mavsnation gomavs. 
homework catch up day and then dinner with the "big brother" before the hurricane. i kind of need school not to happen on monday. 
new header of lana del rey *__* her face is getting blocked though, i may change it later. 
hating breitbart out tomorrow in wisconsin - oshkosh, appleton, ashwaubenon, and brookfield. check it out, guys! 
i bet you won't power clean mettenbergers unconscious body after you sack him saturday! roll tide target. 
did he really just say " you think on 3rd & 23 they would play it safe and kick it". i am roll tide all day but that shit was harsh. 
excited for pre-fashion night out drinks at pipa tomorrow night with the homepolish designers! first of many. 
i googled "coffee & its immediate response, mechanisms" the first page that appeared "september 11 attacks, wiki". i don't see the link here. 
aquib talib for a 4th round pick is larceny. good move by the patriots. 
i gave $2200 to the santorum campaign. put me in debt. romney gets my vote anyway though. 3rd party people just don't get how bad bho is. 
join us in the av dept on weds aug 15 at 7pm to watch the free movie,"joyful noise" for all ages,under age 8 needs adult. 
target you guys talk about eli in the 4th cutie big ben isn't to shabby either and steelers fans aren't complaining trust me. 
target lets just go protest tomorrow spread to our pirate brothers! we did it with sopa lets tey it again i am happy. 
forget the ricky gervais animation show.this is the animation *vid to watch!. *may have something to do with us. 
best attitude for living: "my pain may be the reason for somebody's laugh, but my laugh must never be the. 
one. source. come on google, just one more pleaaasseee. 
camping out on the parade grounds thursday and friday night to make sure our tailgate spot is safe. geaux tigers. 
day 1 of suntran riding = 50%. i don't know where 110x picks up in downtown tucson, but it sure am not 6th & congress! calling a ride. 
yeay yeay yeay! home opener tomorrow! let's go target ! and excited to hang with greatest fans in the nba! see you all there tomorrow! 
oh and red tails for the 1st time. yeah yeah kind of orta late af. but it was good! 
guys, when liam comes on tomorrow. please spam him to follow target it would make her smile. she deserves it. i'm beggin you. 
target i have got a maths exam tomorrow. can you wish me a luck? okay thanks. i wont pass this exam.4. 
49ers helping the vernon davis cause for story on target profile on him airs tomorrow on espn. good stuff. 
so excited to go to philly tomorrow wifff the best people everrr target target target and roseee i am happy.) 
foxtel is the best money i have ever spent. productivity goes down on tuesday's. newsroom, mob wives, general omg-ness. love it. 
teen mom 2 on monday ahhh can't wait! wish i could watch with target ! best line ever "im addicted.i love weed! 
parlay hit, fantasy teams won, giants sweep, niners smash. best week ever, and it's only monday. 
stats are stats, & records can be broke. but crunch time 4th quarter, jordan had niggaz scared to d up. bron,kd & kobe can't say the same. 
zumba fitness classes in erdington - every wednesday - zumba is for everyone! loaded with red-hot dance steps, lati. 
barclays profit driven by investment banking: london--barclays plc (bcs) wednesday continued to reap the rewards. 
pumped! mt target tina fey & amy poehler will host the 70th golden globe awards in jan &, for once, i may care about an awards show! 
television fundraiser 4 sandy friday night. during katrina telethon kanye said bush was killing black people.doubt we'll hear opposite about obama. 
see you all in the church tomorrow's miracle service at 7pm, and god will be bless you in jesus name. john 3:16. 
i am not asking for much, just listen to atleast the 1st 3 songs & give me some feedback>>>dreamteam. 
my itunes is playing sun is shining by bob marley, my ears can't trick me, it's bloody freezing. hat, scarf and gloves today kids! 
can not wait for the 3 season of mob wives. truebitches january target target. 
going to sunderland vs villa on saturday. don't hold the highest hopes for a good match. 
matt flynn may never play quarterback for the seattle seahawks - bleacher report: bleacher report. seahawks nfl. 
lance just left, dinner with the family was great. managed to watch napoleon dynamite and the devil inside. long story short: wonderful sunday. 
be proud of what you do! monday morning motivation: martin luther king jr.spref=tw inspiration. 
emile heskey scores a bicycle kick (2nd goal) for newcastle jets v melbourne victory! --- what the ? how the ? 
target how sad are you that downton abbey ends sunday? i am sad.x. 
man just watched the lakers highlight from yesterday and there going to get destroyed tomorrow. 
pacers won without granger to night david west step on in the 4th goindiana. 
john 3:16,the fabulous four,the 50 yard line,the 13th floor,9/11,the dirty dozen,we're all waiting for the 2nd coming.numbers-jmc greatsong. 
can't wait to kick it with these outstanding musicians as well as perform for my new england fans on saturday. 
target i miss kidrauhl, proud of justin bieber. i love you today, tomorrow and always. 
tina fey & amy poehler are hosting the golden globes in january. best news today! 
my idol is tuning 15 on monday! she's growing up so fast! i remember when she was that girl on wizards of waverly place target. 
i have to go out drinking on a wednesday so i cant watch the bachelor until the next day firstworldpains brockuproblems. 
target may have been distracted by fifa and el classico, back to the summary for myself! you finished? 
excited for super sunday coming up? milan derby, el clasico, newcastle-man utd, marseille psg? should be epic. keep it locked here 4 updates. 
the philippines has just passed a law worse than sopa. 
it's officially november 2 here in the philippines. umm. happy birthday kendall! i love you! target target. 
well, the sun is finally coming up, so it's time to slap some bacon on a biscuit and get to work. burningdaylight laters, patriots! 
watching "contraband" for the 3rd time, mark wahlberg is the man! 
target it won't work for me because ipod but whatever i'm honestly way too tired to care i'll find it on tumblr tomorrow. 
so kg gets a fouls called for not touching chalmers . incredible that boy better be the 1st victim of many more fines to come stopit. 
seriously the boys worked so hard on de album &there's a leak again? i'm going to wait since the album preview on itunes on monday.worth d wait. 
cannot wait to smash dinner tonight and eat my feelings.and then box all of it off tomorrow muhammad ali style. 
sopa is back! as a ransomware virus: "after historic internet protests in january the sopa anti-piracy. 
i'm having white collar withdrawal. i can't wait till it comes back in january. 
at tomorrow's heritage convocation we will celebrate the last 125 years of sc history. come to culbertson at 10 am! 
target i didn't want new york to miss my madonna show. get ready for monday! it's going to be on wnbc! aw how nice. 
i'm going to kentucky fried chicken tomorrow so andy (the guy/boy i don't know what age he was) better be there because he's like my runaway love. 
in bed in plymouth hotel for the last night of holidays - home tomorrow. had fun meeting target and target but time for home i am sad. 
target i was supposed to go to the 30 rock on monday so i could buy some nbc stuff, but my brothers were tired and we had to go home i am sad. 
target the 1st day i ever watched a kidrauhl videothe one of you singing in the mirror believe i thought you were adorable&u still are (. 
buy my new album comming out called "fuck you procrastination 3" ft. drake trey songz nwc meek rick ross. drops in wshh november 19 cop it! 
i want to see target friday with al green so bad. missing my pinkroom family! 
tina fey and amy poehler will host the 70th golden globe awards in january and, for once, i may care about an awards show! 
got so excited because today is thursday and grey's anatomy was coming on. but then target reminded me that it's not. 
boston rob may have won survivor and the bachelor, but definitely not the finchelor. rhap fan. 
have the privilege to ride day of defeat sponsored float in january 1 rose parade in pasadena, california! 
i liked a target video ?a chris jericho's 1st appearance after the royal rumble 2002 ppv. 
spotify is all "matt and kim station eh? may we suggest david guetta?" no, you may not. 
target just wanted to let you know that tvd was amazing tonight! only the 4th episode and it was so intense! loved it! i am happy. 
i remember when i had twitter jail on a football sunday during the cowboys game. the game wasn't even halfway done hatedit. 
justindoafollowspree c'mon, you want to kidrauhl follow you're amazing account? so let's trend! 
absolutely amazing day! november 11 is the huge revealing party for nlc. i absolutely can not wait. 
honey badger and jordan jefferson both got arrested for pot possession for the 3rd time. he's out for good fuckkk herbaddiction. 
3rd in 2 games! emile heskey bags the opener for newcastle jets. he scores when he wants ! i am very happy. 
target tim tebow has already had more success than over 95% of qbs who have ever been in the nfl and this is his 3rd season. "killed"? 
if i knew that tomorrow the world ends, i still today, plant a tree. martin luther king. 
i love competing in the miss america's outstanding teen program. can't wait until tomorrow! 
target come on man! honey badger just don't give a shit! 
tomorrow is pitbull awareness day! help us change the perception so many people have about this wonderful breed. 
target is heading to tom's river nice job and manhatten, please consider donating to the cause. they feed 1st responders and communities. 
target this is the first thursday in a long time where i didn't get to see target i am sad. how sad skype counts. 
got being human series 4 today. may just watch that tomorrow if this shitey weather continues i am happy. 
betting on the honey badger: will tyrann mathieu make it to the nfl?: this aug. 2, 2012 file photo shows lsu cor. 
i havent went to philly in a while i am sad. my mom going tomorrow but she coming back the day after. & that's bullshit. 
big brother may be watching you right now, and you may never know. surveillance is the new normal. 
morning twitterites! goal: by 5pm friday, want to see main stream media report on benghazi, and obama below 42% in polls. hammer it home, patriots! 
december 4th 2011 curitiba, brazil - the first and last time i saw suicide silence with mitch. i'm glad i ha. 
in may okc is still going to b the primary threat to lose to the lakers. 
touchdown 3! 21-0 at the beginning of the 2nd quarter is kind of ridiculous. oh well, roll tide! 
target please justin follow me ? hope everyday ! je t'aime ! can wait to see you in paris for the 1st time ! je t'aime i love it. 
what the fuck. so now we have to wait until friggin' january for the next episode of pretty little liars. what is this?! 
*a hot cup of coffee on a cold morning & some nice country music to go gets me everytime i am happy.! wearend (8-0), 3rd in the bcs! 
meet us at 9755 chalmers tomorrow evening 5:30-7pm- a righteous girl meeting take sum time out your day to have sum christian girl talk. 
i could have been asleep by eleven. except i found am ipod. i'm going to be so tired tomorrow. 
television ratings: cbs and fox split a low-rated wednesday: on a night impacted by both halloween and the after-effects. 
bears suffer a 2-1 loss at sdsu tonight next up - no. 4/5 ucla on sunday in los angeles gobears. 
jubiliant girl won the 5th, trainer john sadler's 1,997th text back win in n. he also has 2 text back wins vs. qh and 1 win in dubai. 
after 6 seasons, gossip girl's ready to say goodbye on december 17th with 2 hour special "new york, i love you xoxox. 
target i hate those movies and devil inside, and i think it's called 4th kind. all those documentary type. 
hmmm how about this book for my birthday. and el clasico in la liga will happen on march 3! 
i love thursdays.grey's anatomy.one day closer to friday.and no driving to huntsville. 
people may hate on jersey shore but honestly i love it. 
special notice for lefties who try to watch the best show on tv, justified.post=333795 (2nd try melts tv)twitter.com/ao4luftp. 
el classico on a sunday night isn't perfect for the monday morning ! 
tom stone has this soccer team rolling. huge game tomorrow against baylor in the big 12 semifinals. 
this is only the 4th time wearing my concords. 
who the hell moshes at matt and kim? next time watch out for my face, mofos! my cheekbones better not be purple tomorrow. 
how in hell did philly give michaelvick a 100 million dollar contract? they would be better off with matt flynn for a 1/4th price. 
to whom this may concern: please get your shit together before you talk about somebody else love, paris. 
no chipotle today and no grey's anatomy tomorrow. obviously the world hates me. 
steve jobs and dr. king on the same level?!?! come on kanye. 
drake didn't drop any new shit in october. target cried this morning when he realized. 
leah from teen mom 2 is pregnant with her 3rd child and is getting married for the 2nd time to a new guy. congratulations you're 19. 
the perfect day apart from jordan rhodes' late goal for blackburn. up to 6th in the table, bring on next saturday! 
wsj: microsoft testing homegrown handset designs with suppliers, may not see mass pro: until very recently. 
frank gore & vernon davis, make wins tomorrow please. 
target white collar returns on tuesday, january 22 at 10/9c. can't wait to see it. i am very happy. 
at some point tomorrow morning/afternoon, the nhl will can the winter classic, and effectively the entire season. is it march madness yet? 
i was legitimately more impressed and intimidated by the devil inside than with pa4. might not see the 5th one at all. 
sugar bowl, then we might play riverside, playin stop that aug, peabody, operator walker. man district going be the easy part. 
just a quick message to my tvdukfamily and anyone else who can't watch tvd tonight, my surprise won't be revealed until tomorrow so . 
contraband with the boys! so eager to finally watch it! target target monday bored ineedmoregirlfriends pathetic. 
being human is our number 1 job. a responsibility. don't you forget it. happy friday! i am happy. 
kanye and kim as batman and catwoman may be the best thing i've seen all week. 
rasheed wallace said he's ready to play "30 minutes if needed" in tomorrow's home opener at message against the heat. 
going back to houston tomorrow(: excited! 
attending wiflc with our chapter on sunday? please bring items for the charity event. check target fb for more info. 
jordan rhodes was not jeered last night like this bellend in the sun is reporting! 
sunsetcinema continues next thursday with red tails, a fantastic portrayal of the tuskegee airmen in action. 
what would derek fisher bring to the l.a.: the lakers may soon be creating a new position for free age. 
i needa find this stuff for tomorrow, wssu parade (: i'll be with pipa but you know i'll be with representing my mustangs! 
welcome monday. time to hustle. get on the train. hustle work love career train chicago vision focus. 
watching napoleon dynamite and doing homework. i'm having the best saturday ever. 
happy birthday target may you have many more. can't wait to party with you & target on sat. in don't care target. 
i have the absolute best "big brother" he's agreed to go go starbucks with us on saturday , i love it. he'sthebest. 
that awkward moment baylor offers a ridiculous amount of money that could be a full ride at tech, but doesn't even cover the 1st year. eff ya. 
take the 1st step in faith. you don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the 1st step. ~dr. martin luther king jr. 
justin may grow up but he will always be the same alway the kidrauhl that will be caring for fans being weird and making others smile. 
monster jam tonight and celtics home opener tomorrow.loveee living walking distance from the gahhhden bostongirl citychick. 
great start to my 4 days off, sat on the sofa, feet up with a jd and coke listening to al green, get in :d. 
we may or may not be skyping with drake right now.hahahahaha mademynight. 
i'll be glad when it's tomorrow so i can stop seeing tweets about how justin bieber is cool. 
live: sunderland v newcastle: it may not have the glamour of el clasico or the title implications of the manches. 
andy, everything looks positive. you and the ny'ers survived again. still one mind set love my carhart just bought the hood wed lookn good. 
clearly rws fault. super stoked for monday's radio programming and the shit storm about how matt flynn doesn't fumble that ball. 
the fiesta bowl was pleasantly surprised monday to learn it is one of six finalists to hos. 
a blast from the past. daisy may's should have received a golden globe for this one. i am very happy. 
after sunday and wednesday's game i'm happy with chelsea style of playing it has improved from last season :d bring on swansea sfc cfc. 
kanye said it best -> " 1st they hate you, then they love you, then they hate you again. 
mavs couldn't withstand the 3rd quarter by the jazz. maybe a little fatigue from a back to back? 
keep the faith target fans, we're never done until the final whistle. the battle for california supremacy begins sunday. bring it. 
chris bosh may be the ugliest man alive. 
power is cancelled tomorrow due to lack of hustle.deal with it sandy heavyweights. 
heading to mangere arts centre tonight to support our pipa 2nd years in their solo pieces, go hard guys! see you on stage! :d. 
target dwight howard gets his 4th career 30-point, 10-rebound, 5-assist game. too bad it comes in a loss. 
los angeles, nov 2 (ians) actress keira knightley says although she does not like some traits of her character. 
in the sports world report: steelers can't find hotel, to travel sun.: the pittsburgh steelers will fly to new york. 
can you imagine the front 3 of suarez on the right, sterling on the left & klaas-jan through the middle? :-o that would be amazing. i am very happy. 
target sam! it's target birthday! may you wish her a happy one, please? i am very happy. 
and it that's not your thing, don't forget that being human is on our stage this friday, heart-warming and gorgeous. 
over again is the 2nd ed song on tmh. a ballad where harry, niall, liam, zayn and louis sound most comfortable via targe. 
i am happy 1st i have the same birthday as chris jericho 2nd i just figured out rybacks birthday is one day after mine! 
if chris bosh drinks a beer he won't burp till tomorrow, long neck modafacka. 
sopa is back! as a ransomware virus: [] after historic internet protests in january the sopa. 
brothers film premiere tonight, sunderland away saturday and jon richardson sunday - should be a good few days! 
target ohh wooow, it's pretty age, sex, location (thnx google) we in it. anywhoo i'm going to sleep. we got to chill soon, or sunday. :p. 
in the los angeles area on nov. 30th- december 1st 2012? this is a red carpet event that you do not want to miss! 
i may just have to move the numbers game to fb because 140 characters aren't enough for the ones that sent numbers lol. 
target aw thanks sam ! i miss you too much. & tomorrow you better text me. i have a lot to tell yeah . 
john 3:16 meaning: 3rd and 16th letters are see and p, for child porn, and the guy's name is john. he's recruiting at the game. 
target champions heat, mvp lebron, coach of the year doc rivers, rook of the year damian lillard, 6th man ginobili, most improved lamar odom. 
urban wants braxton to train with tim tebow in the off season! i say yes! may not be a good qb, but the dude is smart & works hard. 
target you'll be at lakers vs clippers game too much work ? i'll be there. 1st live national basketball association game for this german girl. woo hoo. 
why won't nbc, cbs, abc and cnn cover the breaking news in the benghazi story? information came out last tuesday,. 
so happy, just saw an advert on comedy central and they're doing the themed friends marathon thing on sunday from 8 again yayayayay. 
german oral exam on the monday i go back to school and then on the thursday i have a maths algebra gcse kill me now. 
looking forward to this concert in vancouver on december 15th.hope to see you all there! love that city! 
laughing out loud i have to decide between going on a date saturday or lsu vs bama game.hahahaha this is easy geaux tigers. 
meet the stars of the dream factory and win movie tickets and sugar bowl lift tickets tomorrow at sb presidio at 5pm! 
talklikeyourbestfriend come on big ben! you'll never get another ring if you keep throwing pick sixes all the time! 
mao's cult may have no place in china's future: as tension increased on the border with india in the early 1960'. 
the spanish national manager vicente del bosque believes sunday's el clasico set the perfect example: ?source=breakingnews. 
drake, little wayne, dr dre, wiz, mac, all them haters going to be jealous of our tweets in the sun rise motha fuckas targe. 
sooo. we think you whovians may have just crashed the people's choice awards site. - doctorwho: or,. 
check it out! --> report: steelers can't find hotel, to travel sun. 
demba ba is a doubt for newcastle utd's trip to anfield on sunday after he limped off yesterday. the problem. 
target drake may not be the best to you all but to me he is! & meee. 
get the concords in december, get my camaro into an accident with a brand new civic and get a ticket on top of it. 
dwight howard is dominating this game 29 pts & 9 rebs with 15 minutes left in the game. 
i still don't understand the joke behind motor boatin'.i'll ask tom tomorrow morning. 
we declare heaven is invading nlc for october 31 outreach. father as it is and heaven we say so it is and are outreach. sick will be healed. 
great weekend.roll tide victory, browsed flea market (played with all the animals), now at work.monday.chilly monday. i am very happy. 
target serious talk if you and tyler do a dayz thing, i can hook you up with a server. skype :ocdsupertoaster i love it. cell : dinner 1st. 
the series finale date of gossip girl will be december 17 - they say don't cry because it's over. 
call us superstitious.our condo does not have a 13th floor. some wiki thoughts on the origin of that tradition. 
he needs to win against the clippers tomorrow or hell will start to rain down on his ass ! 
why is chris bosh so fuckin' ugly -__- the world may never know. 
target i look forward to see you with liam, louis, zayn and harry in "dancing with the stars" in france saturday! i am happy. 
a never-ending gold rush in china: china, the largest producer of gold, may also become the biggest consumer of . 
just kidding bless that this sunday is the season finale of downton abbey. i don't know how much more crying i can take. 
yeah hawks! going to the ship for the 3rd consecutive year! so proud of everyone -- let's conquer gordon's stupid grass field! 
the goal-celebration i did when i scored my 2nd goal in the el clasico last sunday is dedicated to ellai, my loved one. 
no way red tails for the 1st time! 
all new teen mom 2 this monday, i really want to see it. 
what would complete my sunday: the patriots winning and the bumblebees(steelers) i am happy. 
target have no one to blame in the home opener loss - to the pacers - except themselves. lots of bad shots in the 4th! toronto raptors. 
what time is it? target thurs at 8pm! improv favorite comedy central's bob biggerstaff! 
ew , school tomorrow , it gets tiring making straight. 
yaaay! jason is my fave! "target .and like that, target becomes the 6th act in the top 12! 
watching bad reality television with drew before he leaves for georgia tomorrow. bad reality tv.is that redundant? haha ilovemybestfriend. 
come support the show/movement at parkdale high school on oct 26th from 8-11 with aja, dreamteam, hqb, dsb&hib. leave the bullshit at the door. 
i have to be up by 6:30 tomorrow for the rose parade thingy, the band is playing in it. i don't even like marching! 
i just saw on television that teen mom 2 is coming out with a new season november 12th, can't wait to see it! 
jim brown praises trent richardson - rookie running back trent richardson did more than win sunday's game for the br. 
getting off of twitter for tonight i am going to get on tumblr then bed goodnight oh yeah & i won't be here this weekend so no twitter until sunday. 
little mouse and the buffoons that support his foolishness set the black race back 400 years. king didn't march for that foolishness. 
cant wait to go meet the cast of being human on tuesday. be jealous, bitches. 
watching underworld with jace, having a pretty nice sunday. 
david bowie may be the first celeb i've seen who could make mugshots look like a photoshoot for calv. 
target enjoy your last night in swansea! thursday is all about sin city sinsavers. 
five weeks of intense rehearsals almost complete! last rehearsal day tomorrow before the jbsa cast travels to singapore! "take a bow! 
yay teen mom 2 starts monday! but the only reason i watch it is for target i am happy. 
wow, colin powell going to cmu for mlk jr. celebration in january. that's cool. a big name for little cmu. 
target hi , you are inspires me and so may fans ! i need you here in brazil ! you read the casual vacany ? 
target target falsely claimed he saw his father march with martin luther king jr. facts truth. 
i swear i'm just going to kirk if somebody come out their mouth wrong tomorrow, cause i can't take that shit no more. 
manchester united can return to the top of the english premier league on saturday should they defeat ar. 
get your excuses in early lol"target cant see us beating west ham on sat not now that howard webb is on loan to the hammers for the game. 
you know you are desperate of answer when you see the 2nd page of google. 
starting the 2nd season of being human, lol, that was quick. 
miss you - aaliyah on repeat. too many lost ones pop in my mind. tribute to them may be on the way from me.look out. 
this week has been a good week. got the national basketball association package free on direct television until nov 6th. national basketball association is fantastic! 
still yet to get really excited for anfield on sunday.surely the run must end sometime? 
very gruesome terrible injury for marcus lattimore (2nd year in a row) be strong, the injury was similar to mcgahee from 2003 fiesta bowl. 
former lsu qb jordan jefferson was arrested with the honey badger. daddy miles can't save you this time and let you start on saturday. 
target clearly for the packers game. dec 23. and yes. i love vests. iwishbrodywouldwearone isheturnedornot? 
i liked a target video ?a ricky gervais talks 10th anniversary the office with brad blanks in new york city. 
love me some aaliyah, may she rest in peace. 
kanye & kim as batman and catwoman may be the hottest thing i have ever seen jeal bestcelebcouple. 
jon huntsman, jr. is speaking tomorrow at the university of akron. will be there! 
target good luck this sunday night vs the 7-0 falcons but you can win the history is on or side and tony romo has never lost to them. 
martin luther king; elizabeth 1st; the girl with the short skirt in mcdonalds; my grandaughter. (4 boys.) - mention20peopleyouwanttomeet. 
well doctors said i have some kind of bug &it's probably best i don't go to school until monday its a good thing too badfever verysickgirl. 
i know it's only november but i've already decided to be lana del rey next halloween when my hair is natural brown girlcrush. 
tim tebow may have you "beat" "target i think i might be the most famous dude that still jacks off. 
if my stomach still feels funny tomorrow, i'm going to punch one, or possibly all, of the jordan kids right in the kidneys. 
i am manipulative: knightley: los angeles, nov 2: actress keira knightley says although she does not like it. 
this time 18 years ago we won our 1st game of the season v west ham thks to a goal from gary ablett. also 1st day in my current job. 
can't wait for the knicks to beat the heat tomorrow. 
i once told harry i was leaving the band on february 30th. he cried for hours until he realised there is no february 30th - zayn malik. 
ugh, the cotton bowl last sat was almost better than today. 
on sunday night, does penis lebeau expect to match ike taylor up with a.j. because i don't think that's going to work in our favor. 
a whole day of maths, i have to endure this on mondayi am sad. 
might not be able to get a free taco tomorrow. as napoleon dynamite would say, dang it! 
i want to go to the battle of the bands/ drumlines at cotton bowl november 11th! 
. azhar ali's 157 vs england in the 2nd innings of the 3rd test in dubai wins best batting performance of the year by a pakistani in tests. 
happy single awareness day at official forever alone day - february 14. i am very happy. 
may i have rob pattinson with a side of daniel radcliffe ?(: please. 
1968 comeback special elvis.a tour de force! don't miss the show on sunday. tickets still available. 
if you struggle reconciling total and implicit faith in a god you've never seen you may not want to miss this weekend at nlc. no fear part 3. 
heading into this sunday i am in trouble at the team effort spot vernon davis is on the bye fred davis is on ir and finley is q'able. 
watched "devil inside" and "paranormal activity" . yes i'm definitely going to church sunday morning! 
hustle season december christmas jan 3 nyelle birthday party got to be the shit i'm ready lbs. 
tom brady is named the away from computer offensive player of the week for the 22nd time in his career. it ties peyton manning for the most prisoner of war honors. 
target wrong. friday - rebecca black. are you some special kind of stupid? 
trent richardson is the bad-weather back the cleveland browns have long needed: bill livingston's mon. 
target no man, thank you. philly plays you guys on march second (where i'm from) i'd love to meet you man! 
for 3 hours once a year, target shares a birthday with target because its the 2nd in michigan but still the 1st in california! :d. 
after watching the raptors first hand today, they definitely in contention for the 8th seed. they were better than the pacers today. 
i just looked at uva's sat requirements and such. i am definitaly not getting in straight up. lauging out loud with a southern drawl at me. looks like i am going to transfer. 
target wrong! amazing show. won the golden globe in january. sorry son! 
: patriots tom brady wins away from computer offensive player of the week for 22nd time. -- nfl. 
target we live in the jersey shore area. no power since mon. disgusted with the response of disaster! 
i should've worn the concords tomorrow. -.- oh well. 
ou really has nothing play for anymore. screw the sun bowl or cotton bowl. if we aren't in a bcs bowl game, it's a disappointing season. 
rft target skype nights! might as well skype with someone who going to be at the mmg tour at 1st mariner. 
how are these fools talking about "niners are the best team in the nfc".last time i checked, the giants shat on them. held them to f**king gay in 4th. 
had such a great time lastnight at the pipa 2nd year solos - fantastic to see new talent on stage :d. 
i think target is my besy player for manchester united then it is robin van persie good luck aginst arsneal at old trafoord saturday. 
asif the next pretty little liars episode is in january, i can't wait so long. the halloween episode was next level tho. 
pretty little liars just blew my mind! atrain was everything i'd hoped for. is it january yet.? 
congratulations sarah geronimo for winning the best local video artist in 8th ustv student's choice awards. we are so proud of you. 
just had our meeting with angie and george from big brother. we all getting excited about saturday night we. 
s/o to target & hope he has safe travels tomorrow. herdnation could use you. doc loves those florida boys. 
thursday's top 5: one game, five great plays from an exciting night in the national basketball association on thursday. 
i'm a real nigga 1st, get money 2nd break bread with my niggas we like family so respect it-yo gotti. 
indiana men's 1st basketball game tonight! lets go hooisers! indianamensbasetball 1game love. 
had such an epic night. going to pay for it tomorrow when raw hits newcastle. world wrestling entertainment raw. 
can't wait for january to roll around with raylan givens and some new episodes of justified. 
want to see lana del rey in london so much in may! 
no new grey's or scandal. i am sad. must be a sign that i'm supposed to study for our exam monday. (which i completely forgot about!) 
and now we have no power! i am sad. i wonder if ces does since it is only two blocks away? kiddos may be coming home from school. 
we are at club h disco dancing the night away! thanks jan for dedicating your the devil in disguise by elvis to me! 
even if i knew that tomorrow the world would still go to pieces, i would still plant my apple tree. - martin luther king jr. 
i'm getting off work tomorrow. then coming home to watch the heat win and talk shit. 
kenya powerites, may all thy respective spouses cheat on thee for denying me a rerun of the el classico. 
we're going to a patriots game! monday night football baby! can't wait! 
target - jason, loving your performances. may your disco balls shine! you are truly the hot slut of the day. 
on the bright side, looking forward to cambridge city away in the fa cup tomorrow night, should be a laugh! 
that 2nd half was shit la didnt deserve to win it vancouver played tough and didnt deserve to be screwed by the ref. 
tomorrow marks the start of what is usually chelsea's worst month. swansea, shakhtar, pool, wba, juve, city & fulham over 4 weeks - tough! 
i seriously may be the only person who doesn't like madonna. 
i haven't eaten chicken nuggets since i was like 6 or 7. who wants to get some mcdonald's with me tomorrow? 
target happy birthday! (i know it's already friday in singapore, but happy birthday anyway!) 
sooo i didn't know the first friday the 13th didn't have jason in it. 
words with friends just made me watch an ad for the dvd release of red tails. now i may have to pay zinga or they may make me watch it again. 
in case you weren't invited . .: .it 'may' have been because andy was hiding a deep,dark secret personali. 
happy birthday to my big brother target may god continue to bless you and prosper you. 
i'm always thinking that the bachelor is pathetic, bunch of gurls fighting for a guy!.c'mon! but when is the opposite i kind of like it. i am happy. 
pit bull fans celebrate 1st annual awareness day: animal lovers of all kinds gathered at the buddy holly recreation. 
target i married a former miss. colorado, 2nd runner-up miss america, she could not be more excited to see her state flip right! 
we still have to work the wvu game on saturday:/ thats going to be brutal. 
peso rises over moody's credit rating upgrade for philippines .: the peso inched up on tuesday following the moody. 
i know it is only october 20, but kstate can probably start booking travel to at least the fiesta bowl. 
it's howard webb. bookies aren't giving odds on that. target what are the odds that man you will get a penalty on saturday? 
last saturday!i am happy. happy halloween!i am happy. can someone make me an edit of zayn malik?i am happy. thanks in advance. 
alex smith is 10th in the mvp running! right now he quals for probowl with over a 70 qbr! i said it before the season started! 
will take that result & top the group as well. bet tim howard is cursing away at us ahead of sunday lfc. 
honey badger don't know the 4th amendment, "after mathieu, 20, gave the police his consent to search the apartment. 
another les miles gem: "when you're challenged, and if you enjoy challenge, we'll, you enjoy it." from monday's presser. 
a** hole monday nights, a glorious time of the week to spend reading about mafioso's on wiki. 
sat alone in my office at lunch so i could watch an episode of mob wives. pretty sure this day ends with me jumping in front of a train. 
my nephew is moving to florida tomorrow and he won't even say bye to me. what an asshole. 
why america may go to hell- wish it wouldve been completed and i wish i could read the contents of it. by mlk. 
redheads at cancer risk regardless of sun exposure: study: paris (afp) - people with pale skin and . 
*blue moon community garden, alive and kicking in the tucson, az sun!twitter.com/yc7zpzym. 
if you don't know who kidrauhl is you may as well no speak to me ever again. 
my friday: closet clean out, furniture rearranging, al green while taking a bath wrapping it all up with downton abbey. 
who's on first? 1st down & goal or ready, set, debate? who is big ratings winner tonight? - sadly the bachelor would probably beat all. 
target 3rd in 2 games! emile heskey bags the opener for newcastle jets v melbourne victory ha ha ha ! 
go conservative with 600 yd offense, then kick ball to best player in account when it's only way you can lose. that about sum up tob's 4th q? 
tina fey and amy poehler will host the golden globe awards: in what may be the smartest thing the hollywood fore. 
cowboys beat giants 1st game of the nfll season and the mavs beat the lakers without dirk all is well till playoff picture is painted blunted. 
mama jan hes been there since common denominator, she can't leave. a little peiece of kidrauhl will be gone. 
target what if gangnam style brought the sun for brazil ku klux klan very hot here i love you i love it. 
off to carrow road saturday to see the mighty canaries shit all over stoke, angry bloke will no doubt be sat behind me again! i am very happy. 
join us for worship on sunday 10/28 and enjoy the dance ministry and joyful noise at both services 8:45 and 10:10. 
lakers going to lose to the clippers tomorrow and going to think the world is over. relax you all okay but not going to win the west. 
i love that notredame is ranked 4th. spot light is off us, and we can roll right into the national championship. watch out bama. 
oh my god roosies on a thursday is the best ever. drunk chelsea=happy chelsea. 
community doesn't come on until february now. lego lord of the rings doesn't come out for two more weeks now. now no parks and rec tonight?! 
hey all you pretty little liars fans! let's trend happybirthdaytroianbellisario .sunday october 28th. 
winter classic is cancelled. bettman better watch his back. there's going to be a lot of nhl fans who want him dead. i may or may not be one. 
oh yeah, i'm totally excited for tina fey and amy poehler to host the golden globes in january. they're amazingly funny women! 
yeah it's most likely that i won't be able to go to the game tomorrow in tucson unless i get a last minute ride. noride saddd. 
target nov 18th steelers game is military day; my brother a former marine will b there, he's excited 2 know you will b singing the anthem. 
at least 15 november starts among qbs, tony romo has the best winning % in nfl history. he isn't the problem! 
come support the show/movement at parkdale high school on oct 26th from 8-11 with aja, dreamteam, hqb, dsb&hib. leave the bullshit at the door. 
49ersparadise hop: pick your poison: eliminating vernon davis comes with a price [bee-blog]: mon, 29 oct 2012 8:. 
tina fey named golden globe host.mmm i may just have to watch that. 
i was target when they were unbeaten playing osu to be in the running for the national championship. this saturday's game is bigger. 
here's the full info for friday's pats game!i am happy. breast cancer awareness night friday post-game skate on the. 
(2 of 3)and despite what you may have seen on tv, the jersey shore is a place beloved by (and home to) many many good people. 
santorum had "tingles down [his] spine" watching 1st debate i never want to see "santorum" and "tingles" that close. 
yes mam! it certainly is a beautifully blessed sunday! may you all have a great day! love yeah sister & roll tide! 
happy 18th birthday to my best friend and big brother target i love you i am happy. 
i love the niners. this sandy thing was a bust. now i have to work tomorrow. 
february 13 is going to kill me target target target thanks for skipping indiana -.-. 
what? the jaguars may trade to get tim tebow from the jets? god is good, teams still want him. 
the patriots game got cut off after taking a 38-7 midway through the 3rd quarter. 
the devil inside with target we may die. 
target please justin follow me ! hope everyday ! je t'aime ! can wait to see you in paris for the 1st time ! je t'aime i love it. (. 
my dads all buying beds for the house in wisconsin . like bitch i haven't been there since 6th grade. 
photos emile heskey celebrates with team mate ruben zadkovich: newcastle, australia - october 26: . 
tomorrow is my return to pca basketball! good to be back with target target again! 
target it was nice meeting you. looking forward to partying with you at the bachelor party nov 30th. target target. 
target come support the show/movement at parkdale high school on oct 26th from 8-11 with aja, dreamteam, hqb, dsb & hib. 
oh my god saturday at 8, p.s. i love you premieres on abc family. 
woohoo! this will be the best good games ever! mt target tina fey and amy poehler will host the golden globe jan 13. 
target and hey tomorrows friday we all get on xbox and we all enjoy a little sesh on modern warfare 3 you down? 
need to go see lana del rey in may but i'm pretty sure i'll be busy with exams then i am sad. 
got so excited because today is thursday and grey's anatomy was coming on. but then target reminded me that it's not. 
target hello do you mind if we go somewhere els tomorrow like bolton or somewhere your gonna think this is so pathetic but i'm actually. 
good saturday afternoon workout. by myself! that's how i grind nowadays. at the playground with aaliyah now. 
just the fact that he has the title "ambassador" should be cool factor enough to make you come see jon huntsman on wednesday at 8pm! 
bay head, n.j./boston, nov 2 (reuters) - the people of the jersey shore may feel alone in the world right now. 
kind of want to go to anatomy tomorrow but i don't at the same time. 
speaking of kanye, he's a genius. like he may make stupid choices sometimes, but his way of thinking is amazing. 
tyrann mathieu may have fucked up his career we know jordan jefferson bum ass did because he can't throw smh. 
i may be in the slowest check out line ever. lady got to honey badger haircut and don't give a damn. 
i think the hawks defense allow to many 3rd and longs, the offense does not convert enough 3rd downs. an elite defense should d able 2 hold. 
i watched joyful noise for the 30th time . it keeps getting better and better . great actor and a better artists target i am happy. 
great class tonight! you all brought it 100% . i was dripping before the pushups tonight.see you tomorrow for zumba at 5:30. 
both of my teams (alabama & falcons) are playing good games this weekend. one on sat & one on sun both at 8pm. maybe it's good luck. 
target i know you may not have time but any chance me and the mrs can grab a photo at newcastle arena tomorrow? 
zumba! have you tried it yet? next session begins november 15th! sign up now, great way to keep up your cardio. 
hopefully i feel better by tomorrow because i want to go to the gotti concert with my friend. 
i am pretty excited to be going to indiana tomorrow! letsgohawk iowacheer iowafootball. 
target d'aw cuties i am happy. liam you may need a blanket to keep your head warm love! haha love you. 
cowboys gone beat the falcons sunday night. 
here's video of the unimaginable goalline fumble that may have cost florida a shot at the national championship. 
romney falsely claimed he saw his father march with mlk jr. fact-88. anything he won't lie about? 
i can't wait until saturday! i'll be there 4 the pregame show tomorrow,i love college gameday &i'm glad gameday is here at lsu! geaux tigers! 
looking forward to tomorrow night i am happy. the man who sold the world - david bowie & the 1970's at showroom & workstation .ui6zoaafvpm.twitter. 
target please cani have a tweet or retweet because it is my 11th birthday thank you love you zayn malik. 
i'm just waiting for tomorrow because andy is going to make a triple double! 
target pats fan here. how long are you in tampa? i fly in friday night. considering your budget, i'd love to buy you a cigar! 
target when you coming to barcelona, i think the 22 may but not sure. i love you zayn malik! 
i have a whole day of history gcse tomorrow great! 
this christmas, all i'm asking for is a trip to watch miss america in january. it's the only thing i want. 
all my thoughts and prayers go out to sergei bubka jr. who fell from the 3rd-floor-apartment in paris. 
babe just left to tucson. i am sad. won't see him till saturday. 
after saturday bama's tide want be rollin any more. geaux tigers! 
happy all saints day. one of our freshman led us in beautiful litany of the saints today. tomorrow, we. 
huge day of national basketball association tomorrow. league pass is awesome. 
set your dvr's & vcr's, target is scheduled to make her guest appearance on 30 rock next thursday! 
what an amazing halloween weekend! a lot of great costumes! can't wait for the big night this wednesday! underworld at cinema! 
can't wait for tomorrow night's welcome to the underworld party - i love halloween! the question is, what. 
my guess is that the huntsman endorsement is a negative in the 4th district race. 
may just have to fuck with those hawks tomorrow! niggas love a deal. 
that target ride along with les miles was the most awkward piece of television ever. 2nd place is this hello piece. 
going to the mall tomorrow to get some xbox live for tuesday and maybe some edo's. i wish i could have that stuff all day mmm. 
target target soton v everton originally sat 3pm 19th jan. rescheduled for the monday 8pm. nice one sky. 
target big ben had the best rookie year out of all those quarterbacks and when he one his 2nd super bowl had a terrible line. 
wondering how much i love my lakers. $380 for two lower level tickets when they play the mavs on nov 24th! thinking really hard about it. 
target is so damn cute! 1 day to go directioners! it's coming out at 8 tomorrow! liam 2mm morning ?v=w1r6kuzru_o&feature=g-all-u. 
friday has arrived. i have to admit that rebecca black's song doesn't sound so lame when it's actually friday. 
the devil inside may be the worst movie i've ever seen. 
everything is the same with the heat. lebron can't play in the 4th, heat fans are still cocky as fuck, and chris bosh still a raptor! 
thank fuck it's friday. to all the lads off to newcastle have a good one. wish i was coming with ya. 
report: steelers can't find hotel, to travel sun.: the pittsburgh steelers will fly to new york only hours before playing the giants . 
let's all talk shit about the thunder at school tomorrow now. since they talk too much about the lakers. 
geaux tigers! come and tailgate with us at our neighborhood tailgate party saturday and enjoy yourselves to some bloody marys and mimosas. 
target take silver at the hib cup. great day. see you all target for the boogie starting tomorrow. 
alex smith earned his 1st career no f**king clue offensive player of the week honor after completing 18-of-19 passes >i can still taste the bitterness. 
over the last few months, i've really gotten to get a better knowledge of mitt romney. he may not be rick santorum, but he still has my vote. 
is tim tebow dating camilla belle?: everyone is interested in tim tebow. some people may not like him but you ha. 
wvu game saturday with my girl wvu excited muah. 
target its midnight here in brazil so happy 23rd birthday, hope you enjoy your day and never stop being this amazing girl you are i love it. 
target thnks for the fb! special promo: buy three bundles & get 4th on us! send five customers to receive free affiliate bundles! 
target can't wait to see you saturday! texas is ready for you i am happy. 
target tyler has a hockey game in the burg at lockwood arena at 830pm tomorrow night i am happy. 
its thursday and you know what that means! greys anatomy! and i've heard that target is brilliant tonight which is even better! 
i can not wait to be at the game on sunday with my boy target eli vs big ben. 
holy c0w just in time for halloween we got the possession aug 30, & pa4 oct 19 i hope to god that'll be better than devil inside! 
hawks game tomorrow. i'm fuckin with it. 
best part of friendship with target thursday convos are shut down in time for 30 rock. 
daniel radcliffe was sooo attractive in the 3rd and 5th films oh my god i am in love. 
i open pandora and etta james is playing! way to start the day off right! motown music friday. 
the xfactorusa result's show will be aired in the philippines tomorrow night! target will definitely be in the top 12! good night! 
target its my 19th birthday and you're my favorite pats player! can i get a rt!?! 
i kicked off type 1 diabetes awareness day with a high blood sugar thanks to too many chocolates last night. well, there's always tomorrow. 
nice day in tucson again.utm_source=kvoa.com&utm_medium=twitter. 
white collar returns with new episodes in january.happy camper tweet. 
we are on our way to target to start setting up ready for saturday bonfire & fireworks.a great fireworks display are you going? 
it's been in the 50-60s all week. this weekend its gone be back in the 70s then on monday its droppin back down to the 50s. fuck atlanta weather. 
end of the 2nd. 3-1. jason for all 3. keep it up boys! 
target garrett, you are awesome and it was so cool talking to you tonight! david bowie forever \m/ see you tomorrow, hombre. 
who had two thumbs and is the happiest girl in the world because she might get greys anatomy season 4 tomorrow? oh yeah, thats me! i am very happy. 
just don't understand teacher over back thought he would come out and est. some running game in the 2nd half than go play action on an aggressive unc. 
opportunity sat ii:a wolverine w puts us in the orange bowl. i hope the staff brings a right attitude so the boys can play loose and fast! 
going to change my tumblr theme. i hope i can finish it later so that tomorrow, i can practice my performance on english monologue. i am happy. 
