positive	CAPTAIN AMERICA 2: THE WINTER SOLDIER - Superior to the original CAPTAIN AMERICA in every way. Easily the 2nd best Marvel movie to date. 
positive	DALLAS BUYERS CLUB - Great performances by the Best Actor and Best Supporting Actor OSCAR winners drive this powerful story forward. 
negative	CARRIE (2013) - Modern retelling of @StephenKing's telekinetic #horror tale would have benefitted from some kind of (any kind of) twist. 
positive	LAST VEGAS - Basically THE HANGOVER for an older generation. Funny and poignant. Definitely a movie that speaks to the over 40 crowd. 
positive	EUROPA REPORT - The "found footage" genre still has some life left in it as evidenced by this fascinating Sci-Fi docu-drama. Very cool! 
positive	R.I.P.D. - It has a bit of a "been there, done that" feel to it, but it's not bad for a relatively obscure comic book adaptation. 
negative	THE COLONY - A claustrophobic, post apocalyptic survival tale reminscent of John Carpenter's GHOST OF MARS.  Not a bad B-movie rental. 
positive	MONSTERS UNIVERSITY - A worthy follow up prequel to MONSTERS INC. Great animation and production design. Fun for the whole family! 
positive	THE CROODS - It's not exactly historically accurate, but it's still a fun ride for children and adults alike.  Good, but not great. 
positive	MANIAC (2012) - Elijah Wood is genuinely creepy as Frank Zito in this gory, disturbing remake of the 1980 horror classic.  Just brutal. 
positive	THE HEAT - Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy are hilarious in this offbeat buddy cop comedy! Funniest movie I've seen in a long time! 
positive	OLYMPUS HAS FALLEN - This throwback "DIE HARD at the White House" actioner is solidly entertaining.  Action fans will really enjoy it! 
positive	TWIXT - Francis Ford Coppola's pet horror project serves a great vehicle for Val Kilmer's troubled writer character. Moody. Dark. Cool. 
positive	BULLET TO THE HEAD - Stallone's aging anti-hero story is a nice return to form.  Smart action, timely humor and good cast chemistry. 
positive	IDENTITY THIEF - Jason Bateman, as usual, plays the ultimate straight man vs. Melissa McCarthy's wonderfully wonky thief.  Lots of fun! 
negative	THE CALL - Halle Berry is convincing in this taut, nailbiter of a suspense thriller. Overall good, but the movie falls apart at the end. 
negative	21 & OVER - Harold and Kumar meets The Hangover with less than spectacular results.  Needs a lot less crudity and a lot more laughs. 
positive	MOVIE 43 - An amazing cast props up this juvenile, raunchy skit comedy about a series of crazy movie pitches. Big, bawdy adult fun! 
positive	EVIL DEAD - Remake successfully recaptures Raimi's horror style and emulates the over-the-top gore so prevalent in the original. Groovy! 
positive	SNITCH - Anything that stars The Rock gets an instant +5 to its coolness rating. This movie is no exception. Intense, emotional action. 
positive	WORLD WAR Z - It's easy to see why Brad Pitt went to such great lengths to get this project off the ground. Just a great Zombie movie! 
positive	MAN OF STEEL - A cornucopia of movie F/X magic and solid acting performances bring Superman back to the big screen in style. Solid! 
positive	STAR TREK INTO DARKNESS - A full throttle action movie that's hard to call #StarTrek, but still a lot of fun if enjoyed the 2009 reboot. 
negative	TEXAS CHAINSAW 3-D - If you feel like you've seen it all before, it's because you have. An unoriginal, boring, rambling mess. in 3-D!  
positive	IRON MAN 3 - If you like laughs, IRON MAN 3 delivers a ton of them.  Downey is great, but the story falls flat.  Still worth seeing.  
positive	LES MISERABLES - Wonderful imagery, production design and costume design.  Anne Hathaway and Hugh Jackman are superb.  Jolly good show! 
positive	OBLIVION - Somewhat predictable, yet highly enjoyable Sci-Fi romp features blistering action, cool visuals and great production design. 
positive	ARGO - Deserving of every accolade it earned this awards season. Ben Affleck's finest hour as a director and as an actor.  Perfection.  
positive	END OF WATCH - Well made documentary style action drama. Tense. Gritty. Makes me realize why I could never be an L.A. Police Officer. 
positive	WRECK IT RALPH - Entertaining Disney offering features great characters, beautiful animation and a talented voice cast. Very enjoyable! 
negative	TAKEN 2 - Entertaining, but uneven sequel. Liam Neeson is great, but the overall experience is a letdown from the original. Still fun. 
negative	A GOOD DAY TO DIE HARD - Bruce Willis is great, but the script and the direction?  Not so much.  Lower your expectations for this one. 
positive	HOTEL TRANSYLVANIA - This movie was victimized by awful trailers.  It's surprisingly fun and witty with an all star voice cast.  Boo! 
negative	CREEP VAN - Surprisingly good straight to video #horror effort considering the limited budget. Not great, but worth a Redbox rental. 
positive	HANSEL & GRETEL: WITCH HUNTERS - Surprisingly entertaining action romp. Stylish. Gory. Fun. Everything VAN HELSING should have been! 
positive	V/H/S - Found footage #horror flick overdoes it with the shaky-cam, but still manages to deliver some really creepy moments. Good stuff. 
negative	DEVIL'S ANGEL - Interesting premise, but far too slow, low budget and clunky to be effective.  Genre fans may not mind it as a rental.  
positive	THE WATCH - About what you'd expect from a Ben Stiller/Vince Vaughn comedy. Nothing amazing here, but it's still good for a few laughs. 
positive	BRAVE - Stunning animation.  A nice coming of age family movie.  Not Disney Pixar's best effort, but it's definitely worth watching.  
positive	THE CAMPAIGN - Surprisingly funny Will Ferrell comedy probably flew under the RADAR because of the bitter 2012 elections.  Worth a look! 
negative	THE APPARITION - Pointless, generic PG-13 #horror offering never really gets going. There's nothing scary or interesting here. at all. 
positive	247 DEGREES F - Deliberately paced, yet suspenseful entry in the confined space #horror genre. Solid performances. Quality production. 
positive	MEN IN BLACK 3 - Surprisingly fun sequel that's superior to the 2nd film and nearly as good as the original.  Josh Brolin is wonderful! 
positive	SEEKING A FRIEND FOR THE END OF THE WORLD - Quirky, darkly funny and touching.  A unique look at a regular Joe facing the end of days.  
positive	LINCOLN - Daniel Day Lewis is astonishing in Spielberg's powerful, moving historical epic chronicling the passing of the 13th amendment. 
positive	SKYFALL - Bond is back with a vengeance!  Great action sequences.  Plot gets bogged down by silly techno-babble.  Unsatisfying ending.  
positive	THE RAVEN - Great atmosphere & production design, but an over the top performance from Cusack and an unsatisfying ending drag it down. 
negative	OCTOBER BABY - You wouldn't think that a movie could get any sappier than a Lifetime: Television For Women Original.  You'd be wrong.  
positive	ROCK OF AGES - Starts off rocky (no pun intended) but develops nicely.  Tom Cruise is great!  Wonderful 80's hard rock soundtrack.  
positive	AIRBORNE - Surprisingly effective straight to video suspense horror film has some great moments in it. Good to see Mark Hamill working! 
negative	THAT'S MY BOY - Raunchy Adam Sandler slob comedy is better than JACK & JILL, but that's not really saying much.  Been there, done that. 
positive	SINISTER - One of the best #horror films I've seen in a long time.   Well acted.  Tense.  Creepy.  Actually scary!  Highly recommended. 
negative	SNOW WHITE AND THE HUNTSMAN - Over the top performances from all involved make this difficult to enjoy.  Great F/X, but overall "Meh." 
negative	THE TALL MAN - Starts out great and has a lot of potential, but meanders aimlessly and unsatisfactorily after the twist is revealed.  
positive	DREDD - Darker, grittier and more violent than Sylvester Stallone's 1995 vision of Mega City 1.  It's basically superior in every way.  
positive	LOOPER - Suffers the same problems inherent in all time travel stories, but still provides the audience with a wild, satisfying ride. 
negative	BERNIE - More a singing stage for Jack Black than anything else, this dark comedy has its moments, but overall fails to deliver laughs. 
negative	SAFE - I love Jason Statham, but I honestly expected a lot more from this movie. More action. Better script. Better direction.  Meh.  
positive	WRATH OF THE TITANS - Uneven, but still satisfying sequel to the CLASH reboot.  Nice special F/X.   Entertaining action fare.  I dug it. 
positive	TOTAL RECALL (2012) - Plenty of frenetic action, to be sure, but questionable pacing and cluttered production design.  Entertaining.  
positive	PIRANHA DD - If you're watching the sequel, you probably know what to expect.  Delivers more fun and ridiculousness than the original! 
positive	EXPENDABLES 2 - Every bit as ridiculous and over the top as the original, but with a slightly better story.  Good, mindless, gory fun. 
positive	WANDERLUST - Jennifer Aniston and Paul Rudd elevate a very average comedy to slightly above average with their incredible charisma.  
negative	ATM - An interesting entry in the confined space #horror genre, but still an overall inferior follow up to the writer's earlier BURIED. 
negative	THE THREE STOOGES - Lots of funny people doesn't always equate to lots of laughs.  That's the case with this pointless, laughless film. 
positive	THE DARK KNIGHT RISES - Poorly paced, predictable, but entertaining final chapter to Nolan's Batman trilogy.  Decent, but not amazing.  
negative	ABRAHAM LINCOLN VS. ZOMBIES - Surprisingly entertaining Asylum knockoff benefits from a solid performance from Bill Oberst Jr. as Abe! 
negative	THE INNKEEPERS - A couple of really creepy scenes, but overall not much of a horror movie or a ghost story.  Slow paced & kind of "meh." 
positive	TED - Seth MacFarlane continues to get plenty of mileage out of his classic "talking animal & a schlub" formula. Crude, but very funny! 
negative	PROJECT X (2011) - A documentary style high school comedy that plays out a lot like SUPERBAD, with less likable characters.  Just okay. 
positive	HAYWIRE - Fast paced action romp with a very believable performance from the female lead. Nothing really new, but solidly entertaining.  
negative	THE AMAZING SPIDER-MAN - Great cast, but the film loses its shine around the half way point.  The 2nd half?  Been there, done that.  
positive	SHERLOCK HOLMES: A GAME OF SHADOWS - Not quite as good as the original, but a very worthy sequel.  Downey Jr. and Jude Law are great!  
positive	ABRAHAM LINCOLN: VAMPIRE HUNTER - Entertaining and fun historical action romp.  Goes a little overboard on the CG for a period piece.   
positive	THIS MEANS WAR - Entertaining romantic action comedy in the same vein as MR. & MRS. SMITH. Not perfect, but it's a heck of a lot of fun! 
positive	THE DEAD - Surprisingly well polished straight-to-video Zombie #horror film with solid acting, great locations & a pretty cool premise.  
positive	PROMETHEUS - Thought provoking & visually stunning, despite suffering from "stupid character" syndrome.  Intelligent, hardcore Sci-Fi. 
positive	CONTRABAND - Straightforward heist film that sadly could have been a lot better.  Wahlberg is great, as usual.  I'm feeling generous.  
negative	MAN ON A LEDGE - Generic heist film full of cliches and missed opportunities.  Certainly watchable, but nothing really special of note. 
negative	WRECKAGE -  Low budget horror effort with very misleading cover copy & art. Ridden with cliches and "Wait, what?" moments. Serviceable. 
positive	THE WOMAN IN BLACK - Solid, stylish #horror remake builds to a slow boil & a solid payoff.  Daniel Radcliffe is solid in the lead role.  
negative	CHERNOBYL DIARIES - Great locations and solid acting aren't enough to carry this pedestrian horror effort the distance.  Awful ending. 
negative	One For The Money - Marketing failed this "romantic comedy" which isn't overly romantic or funny. An average (not so) hard boiled Noir. 
negative	THE VOW - It's *YOU* who should make the vow to never see this movie.  Humdrum, cliche story.  No chemistry between the leads.  Skip it. 
negative	CONTAGION - Star power isn't enough to save this generic, paint-by-numbers man vs. disease snooze fest.  OUTBREAK was much, much better. 
positive	THE AVENGERS - A fantastic return to form for the summer action movie! Great visuals, action and snappy dialogue. A whole lot of fun!  
positive	CABIN IN THE WOODS - Succeeds on the self referential humor level, but as a horror film it jumps an entire school of sharks. Still fun. 
positive	LOCKOUT - It's DIE HARD meets ESCAPE FROM NEW YORK meets DEMOLITION MAN. in space!  Totally ludicrous, but it's good, mindless fun!  
positive	THE SITTER - Entertaining, but overall falls into the "good, but not great" category.  Sam Rockwell is hilarious.  Crude, raunchy fun!  
positive	THE MUPPETS (2011) - Fun, family fare introduces Jim Henson's classic characters to a modern audience, yet still pleases longtime fans. 
negative	DREAM HOUSE - You'll enjoy this movie more if you haven't seen the trailer.  Has some fun twists and turns regardless.  Crappy ending.  
negative	JACK AND JILL - Adam Sandler's box office turkey misses the mark by a wide margin, but isn't the F I thought it would be.  Still.  
positive	DRIVE - Interesting throwback actioner benefits from a great, understated performance from Ryan Gosling. Not quite as good as the hype.  
positive	THE CAPTAINS - William Shatner's #StarTrek themed documentary might make fans a little TOO familiar with the show's stars. Still cool. 
positive	JOHN CARTER - Visual effects rule this epic piece of Sci-Fi eye candy. A cool, throwback adventure romp. Flawed, but still a lot of fun. 
positive	PUSS IN BOOTS - Rousing family fun and high adventure from the makers of SHREK.  Great voice work and splendid animation.  I loved it! 
negative	SHARK NIGHT - Pedestrian acting coupled with a thin plot and a middling script makes for crappy, PG-13 #horror. Laughably bad. Skip it. 
positive	ANONYMOUS - Entertaining, but wildly speculative look at the origins of William Shakespeare & his body of work.  Really makes you think. 
negative	THE IDES OF MARCH - George Clooney is electric, but the rest of the (admittedly awesome) cast seems to be going through the motions.  
negative	CRAZY, STUPID LOVE - Average dramedy is buoyed by its star power, but even Steve Carell, Ryan Gosling and Julianne Moore aren't enough. 
positive	ONE DAY - Anne Hathaway and Jim Sturgess have great chemistry in this better than average love story.  Touching, poignant and moving.  
positive	THE GREY - Liam Neeson follows up his iconic roles in TAKEN & UNKNOWN with a gritty, man vs. nature performance.  Stay for the credits. 
positive	DOLPHIN TALE - Good, wholesome family entertainment.  Nothing new or surprising, but in this case, that's not necessarily a bad thing. 
negative	COWBOYS & ALIENS - Serviceable Sci-Fi/Western mashup's cool moments are too few and far between.  I expected more from Favreau.  
positive	MONEYBALL - Great dialogue and a superb performance from Brad Pitt highlight this Oakland A's inspired biopic.  Solid baseball movie. 
positive	THE HELP - Inspiring, dramatic and powerful.  Oscar worthy performances all around.  Easily one of the best films I've seen all year.  
positive	WARRIOR - ROCKY-esque crowd pleaser about two estranged, #UFC fighter brothers on a tourney collision course.  Very good.  Not amazing. 
negative	STEVE NILES' REMAINS - For all the hype it was getting from @ChillerTV, REMAINS was little more than a ho-hum, generic Zombie flick. 
positive	STRAW DOGS (2011) - Extremely tense and brutally violent, this sharp 2011 remake builds slowly to a full, rolling boil.  Worth seeing. 
positive	THE SMURFS - A surprisingly charming update of the '80's cartoon series. You won't believe it's Hank Azaria under that Gargamel makeup! 
positive	FRIGHT NIGHT (2011) - Surprisingly solid re-imagining of the '85 original. The trailer sucked and the last 10 minutes is a CG crap fest. 
positive	KUNG FU PANDA 2 - Not as good as the original, by any means, but still a heck of a lot of fun.  Gorgeous animation and plenty of laughs. 
negative	LARRY CROWNE - Tom Hanks and Julia Roberts make the most of a mediocre script, but the film still falls way short. Unsatisfying schlock. 
negative	OUR IDIOT BROTHER - How this movie is certified a fresh 68% on @RottenTomatoes is beyond me.  Uneven, meandering, unfunny, boring dreck. 
positive	CHANGE-UP - Jason Bateman's Ryan Reynolds impersonation highlights this raunchy, R-Rated, HANGOVER-esque switcheroo comedy. Dirty fun! 
positive	FRIENDS WITH BENEFITS - Follows the formula of every romantic comedy released in the last 10 years, but with better results.  Not bad.  
negative	30 MINUTES OR LESS - A solid performance from Jesse Eisenberg isn't enough to save this uneven, dark comedy effort. Barely watchable. 
positive	SUPER 8 - Nice throwback kids adventure film in the same vein as THE GOONIES.  JJ Abrams delivers great character moments, as always.  
negative	HAUNTED CASINO - Ho hum #horror attempt from FULL MOON is sparse on chills and heavy on the cheese.  Barely worth the Redbox rental fee. 
negative	TRESPASS - There's a reason a thriller starring Nicolas Cage and Nicole Kidman goes straight to video: it's not very good.  Just "okay." 
positive	HORRIBLE BOSSES - Not quite as funny as the HANGOVER, but still among the best comedies of 2011 so far.  Lots of fun.  Lots of laughs. 
positive	TOWER HEIST - Eddie Murphy, Ben Stiller and Alan Alda shine, leading a solid ensemble cast in one of the better caper movies in years.  
negative	BRIDESMAIDS - Some claim this is the funniest movie of 2011--they are incorrect. Not horrible, but not very good, either.  Pedestrian. 
positive	ARENA - Gory throwback actioner akin to THE RUNNING MAN. Straightforward, cut and dried. Brutally violent with great fight sequences.  
positive	RED STATE - The most effective #horror involves things that could happen in real life.  Kevin Smith's thriller delivers on every level. 
negative	THE WARD - John Carpenter returns to directing, but his directing doesn't return to form.  A generic, uninspired, boring #horror mess. 
positive	PARANORMAL ACTIVITY 3 - Well made sequel delivers plenty of chills and some decent scares, but falls apart with a stolen, flat ending. 
positive	REC2 - This subtitled #horror sequel picks up 15 minutes after the original REC left off.  Visceral, violent and scary.  Worth a look. 
positive	BAD TEACHER - One of those rare, modern, adult R-Rated comedies that's actually funny from start to finish.  Cameron Diaz is great! 
positive	ZOOKEEPER - Kevin James and Rosario Dawson do the best they can with little help from a cast of talking animals. and mostly succeed. 
negative	SOMETHING BORROWED - This romantic dramedy sticks unwaveringly to the familiar, tried and true formula.  Nothing new or exciting here.  
positive	X-MEN: FIRST CLASS - A first class super hero movie. Solid acting, plenty of action and great character building moments. Recommended.  
positive	THE THING (2011) - An excellent tribute & enhancement to John Carpenter's 1982 masterpiece. Carpenter fans will be very pleased. Great! 
negative	THE CALLER - Nifty #horror concept with solid acting builds to a slow boil right up until the wheels fall off in the last 15 minutes. 
positive	ARTHUR -  This Russell Brand comedy remake delivers a few laughs, but the romance seems uninspired and forced.  Good, but not great. 
positive	50/50 - Despite the serious subject matter, 50/50 is an uplifting, inspiring and laugh-out-loud funny buddy comedy/romance.  I loved it! 
positive	RIO - Good looking, witty animated romp from the makers of ICE AGE that's tons of fun for parents and children alike. Highly enjoyable. 
positive	APOLLO 18 - Solid documentary style #horror. Great production design. Great concept. Not terribly scary, but suspenseful & believable. 
negative	PAUL - I had high expectations for PAUL after SHAUN OF THE DEAD and HOT FUZZ, but it's not even as good as RUN FAT BOY RUN.  Skip it. 
positive	RISE OF THE PLANET OF THE APES - One of those rare F/X driven films with heart.  Michael Bay should take notes.  "Apes" really delivers. 
negative	BIRDEMIC - As a comedy of filmmaking errors, BIRDEMIC is worthy of an A grade.  As a #horror tribute to Hitchock's THE BIRDS. 
positive	HOBO WITH A SHOTGUN - Ridiculously gory, over the top Grindhouse action with a gritty performance by Rutger Hauer.  Bloody, campy fun. 
negative	THE TASK - Another decent indy #horror entry in the After Dark Originals series. Not a fan of reality show based horror, but still fun. 
negative	THE ADJUSTMENT BUREAU - Matt Damon Sci-Fi romance vehicle has some neat ideas, but doesn't resonate overall as Sci-Fi OR romance.  Meh. 
positive	THE EAGLE - Slick, historical action drama follows a Roman soldier's quest to find his father's lost legion and its standard in England. 
positive	CAPTAIN AMERICA - Marvel's rousing Super Hero action adventure in the tradition of INDIANA JONES!  Slick, stylish feel good summer fun! 
positive	THE LINCOLN LAWYER - Matthew McConaughey delivers a great performance AND keeps his shirt on in this smart, suspensful legal thriller. 
negative	RED RIDING HOOD - Catherine Hardwicke can't seem to shake off her TWILIGHT directing roots in this plodding, style over substance mess. 
positive	INSIDIOUS - POLTERGEIST meets PARANORMAL ACTIVITY in what could be the scariest PG-13 #horror film ever made.  Subtle, creepy terror. 
positive	HALL PASS - Not as good as OLD SCHOOL, but it is a well done marriage/buddy comedy in the same vein.  Plenty of laughs, but falls flat. 
positive	GREEN LANTERN - Cool, clunky DC Comics film adaptation tries to do too much in too little time. Exciting sequel possibilities, however. 
negative	RUBBER - #Horror comedy follows the escapades of a psychic killer tire.  Constant 4th wall breaches ruined it for me. Great splatter FX. 
positive	SECONDS APART - After Dark Originals delivers another solid horror film. It's better than FERTILE GROUND, but not quite as good as HUSK. 
positive	GNOMEO & JULIET - It's not exactly Pixar quality, but it's definitely a lot of fun! Shakespeare with a twist and not so tragic ending. 
positive	THE HANGOVER: PART 2 - More of a remake than a true sequel, this buddy comedy is raunchier and funnier than the original.  Hilarious. 
positive	THE RITE - This isn't your typical EXORCIST knock off, which is what makes it so appealing!  Hopkins is great, as always.  Creepy stuff. 
positive	BATTLE: LOS ANGELES - Plays as less of an alien invasion movie and more of a USMC recruiting video.  Still far, far superior to SKYLINE. 
negative	STONE - You'd think a movie that starred Edward Norton, Robert De Niro and Milla Jovovich would be really good!  And. you'd be wrong. 
positive	VANISHING ON 7TH STREET - Twilight Zone inspired low budget #horror film has a great premise, decent acting and solid execution.  Good. 
positive	JUST GO WITH IT - A return to form for Adam Sandler -- Far better than ZOHAN and GROWN UPS, but not quite up to HAPPY GILMORE standards. 
positive	THE DILEMMA - Kevin James plays a quiet second fiddle to an over the top Vince Vaughn in this quirky romantic dramedy with a dark edge. 
positive	FERTILE GROUND - After Dark Originals follows up the wonderful HUSK with this creepy, atmospheric #horror gem.  Genre fans will love it! 
positive	NEVER CRY WEREWOLF - I can almost guarantee that this stylish, fun FRIGHT NIGHT clone is better than the FRIGHT NIGHT remake will be. 
negative	NO STRINGS ATTACHED - Serviceable romantic comedy that drags in the middle & misses greatness at the end. LOVE & OTHER DRUGS is better. 
positive	BLACK DEATH - Sean Bean and his band of not-so-merry men deliver excellent performances in this dark, stylish tale of the black plague. 
negative	THE ROOMMATE - The absolute bottom of the barrel of PG-13 #horror. Plays like Jersey Shore. It's not even worth a $1.00 @Redbox rental. 
negative	LITTLE FOCKERS - An obvious "cash in" sequel, this entry into the MEET THE PARENTS franchise is easily the weakest of the three films.  
positive	THOR - A rousing fantasy adventure tale with a great blend of action, stunning visuals and a smart sense of humor.  Exciting and fun!  
negative	CHAIN LETTER - Not as horrible as I feared it would be, but not very good, either. MTV style direction does little for unoriginal plot. 
positive	MONSTERS (2010) - Solid "less is more" Sci Fi Alien creature feature.  Has some minor pacing problems, but overall a decent DVD effort. 
negative	THE CHAPERONE - Rough around the edges family dramedy is lifted by a solid performance from Paul "Triple H" Levesque.  Dude can act!  
positive	THE KING'S SPEECH - Beautifully shot, wonderfully acted historical drama lives up to its Oscar winning hype. Thoroughly enjoyable movie. 
positive	STAG NIGHT - Nothing terribly original here for #Horror fans, but it's honestly one of Ghost House Pictures' better efforts so far.  
positive	TANGLED - Fun ride from Disney that, like all of the great Disney films, both kids & adults will enjoy.  A fresh, new take on Rapunzel! 
positive	HEREAFTER - Clint Eastwood directs this brooding, thought provoking slice of life about learning to cope with death.  Convenient ending. 
positive	COUNTRY STRONG - Being that I'm not a fan of country music or Gwyneth Paltrow, you'd think I'd hate this movie. Nope! It's pretty good! 
negative	THE RESIDENT - Hilary Swank should fire her agent for getting her involved with this dull, predictable, average attempt at suspense. 
positive	BRONSON - Tom Hardy drives this stylish, thought provoking, hyper violent biopic about England's most infamous, out of control prisoner. 
positive	ISOLATION - You wouldn't think a horror movie about genetically mutated killer cows in Ireland would be very good, but you'd be wrong.  
negative	I LOVE YOU PHILLIP MORRIS - An even darker & more random comedy than Jim Carrey's THE CABLE GUY.  Unfortunately, nowhere near as funny. 
negative	SIREN - Absolutely abysmal horror effort that fails to produce even a single cheap jump scare. Don't waste your time with this atrocity. 
positive	I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE (2010) - Exploitation horror in the vein of SAW & HOSTEL.  An improvement over the original.  Not for everyone. 
positive	127 HOURS - James Franco is very good in what is essentially a one man show.  Solid movie, but BURIED w/ Ryan Reynolds was a lot better. 
negative	THE SWITCH - Yet another in a long line of romantic comedies that's neither romantic, nor funny.  Jennifer Aniston strikes out again. 
positive	DUE DATE - Surprisingly dark road comedy runs the gamut from intense, to shocking, to sad, to laugh out loud funny. Downey Jr. is great! 
positive	UNSTOPPABLE - About what you'd expect from a Tony Scott film. Solid performances. Lots of dramatic camera angles & music.  Fluff story. 
negative	THE NEXT THREE DAYS - Didn't Russell Crowe win an Oscar?  Why is he doing sloppy, meandering dreck like this?  Nice Liam Neeson cameo. 
negative	MY SOUL TO TAKE - Borderline unwatchable horror train wreck is a testament to how far Wes Craven has fallen in recent years. Pure crap. 
positive	FASTER - Dwayne Johnson ("The Rock" to you and me) returns to ultimate badass form in this slick, stylish, ultra violent action romp. 
positive	RANGO - A visual triumph in animation and rendering, but lacks the story polish needed to be a truly great film.  Missed opportunities. 
positive	LET ME IN - Stylish and well acted American adaptation of LET THE RIGHT ONE IN.  Set in 1983, it looks and feels just like 80's horror. 
positive	MEGAMIND - More Superman than most Superman stories, this edgy Will Ferrell driven animated Super Hero parody is Mega Fun for everyone! 
negative	KEVIN SMITH: TOO FAT FOR 40 - Drags for 45 minutes, but the last hour is a nice, funny Hollywood yarn.  Smith is not too fat to talk. 
positive	BLACK SWAN - Dark, haunting and engrossing horror drama's edge-of-your-seat performance from Natalie Portman should earn her Oscar gold. 
positive	PARANORMAL ACTIVITY 2 - Starts slowly, then builds tension steadily to a creepy, rolling boil.  One of the best #horror prequels ever. 
negative	SAW: THE FINAL CHAPTER - Let's hope this installment of the popular splatter series is more "Final" than FRIDAY THE 13th IV was. 
positive	MACHETE - More uneven than PLANET TERROR or DEATH PROOF, MACHETE nevertheless delivers plenty of GRINDHOUSE action, gore, fun & laughs. 
positive	THE FIGHTER - Inspiring, moving biopic fueled by powerful performances from Christian Bale, Melissa Leo and Mark Wahlberg.  A knockout!  
positive	RED - The retired, extremely dangerous cast is also a whole lot of fun!  Malkovich, Brian Cox and Karl Urban, in particular, are great! 
negative	TAKERS - Despite being cliche ridden and generic, TAKERS still manages to be a mostly entertaining caper film.  Worth a @Redbox rental. 
positive	PRINCE OF PERSIA: THE SANDS OF TIME - Solid action fare is far less ridiculous than most Bruckheimer films.  Akin to THE SCORPION KING! 
positive	THE MACHINIST - Christian Bale's astonishing body transformation & tortured visage will haunt you long after the credits roll.  Eerie.  
positive	BURIED - Ryan Reynolds delivers the finest performance of his career in this dark (literally), gripping, horrifying suspense thriller. 
negative	PIRANHA 3-D - An A-List (Oscar worthy) cast lends nothing to this unapologetic, brutally gory, exploitative T&A fest.  Very pedestrian. 
positive	DESPICABLE ME - Steve Carell and a talented voice cast deliver family friendly fun as 3 adorable orphans bond with an evil mastermind. 
positive	THE SOCIAL NETWORK - Eisenberg exudes smarm in this Aaron Sorkin script that features more witty banter than a Gilmore Girls marathon. 
positive	DINNER FOR SCHMUCKS - This Steve Carell/Paul Rudd dark comedy delivers laughs more akin to THE CABLE GUY than THE HANGOVER.  Very funny! 
negative	CASE 39 - Paced like a 70's chiller (it actually stops to tell the story), this creepy horror throwback misses too many opportunities. 
negative	VAMPIRES SUCK - Vampires aren't the only thing that sucks -- so does this movie!  Worth a few laughs, but this one trick pony is lame. 
positive	THE TOWN - Ben Affleck's Boston crime drama heats up nicely to a full boil.  A gritty, suspenseful and well polished cinematic effort. 
positive	EASY A - Emma Stone shines (as part of a fine ensemble cast) in this very funny, heartwarming & honest coming of age comedy. 
positive	KNIGHT & DAY - Pleasantly surprising action/comedy/romance that cranks the CG-driven action up to 11!  Cruise & Diaz are great together. 
negative	EAT PRAY LOVE - Julia Roberts powered midlife crisis vehicle is all about eating, finding religion and loving (shocker!).  Snooze fest. 
positive	TRUE GRIT (2010) - Mostly faithful re-telling of the 1969 John Wayne classic features great Coen Bros dialogue, humor and solid acting. 
positive	THE OTHER GUYS - Will Ferrell's buddy cop spoof has plenty of laughs.  Like Mark Wahlberg, you'll have trouble keeping a straight face. 
positive	SCOTT PILGRIM vs. THE WORLD - Quirky, imaginative, edgy fun. Immediately joins the upper echelons of the geek comedy genre.  Level up!  
positive	SHREK FOREVER AFTER - A great swan song for the SHREK franchise.  This final chapter is easily the best film since the original. FUNNY! 
negative	CHARLIE ST. CLOUD - Pedestrian, by the numbers romantic drama underachieves as both romance and drama.  Slow.  Never really gets going. 
negative	MIRRORS 2 - Decent straight to DVD sequel gives horror fans more blood, gore and skin than the original PG-13 effort.  Falls apart late. 
negative	BEAR - Two couples trapped in an SUV by a giant killer bear makes for a decent horror film. until the movie jumps the mysticism shark. 
positive	THE DISAPPEARANCE OF ALICE CREED - "It" girl Gemma Arterton is convincing in this Hitchcockian three man stage play of a suspense film. 
positive	GIVE 'EM HELL MALONE - Hyper violent, over the top blood, violence and villains propel this Thomas Jane modern action noir shoot 'em up. 
negative	THE HUMAN CENTIPEDE - Barely watchable exploitation horror effort suffers from taking itself way too seriously.  Humorless and awful. 
negative	SPLICE - By-The-Numbers horror schlock that squanders the talents of Sarah Polley and Adrien Brody in predictable, lackluster fashion. 
negative	SKYLINE - Sci-Fi mishmash takes itself way too seriously and plays like a 9 year old boy's action video game design. Below average junk. 
negative	GROWN UPS - Sporadically funny, but overall extremely disappointing considering the talented ensemble cast.  Rental worthy.  Barely. 
positive	FROZEN - @Adam_Fn_Green's chilling (pun intended) tale of three friends trapped on a ski lift is a well made, original horror microcosm. 
negative	GET HIM TO THE GREEK - Loose follow up to FORGETTING SARAH MARSHALL is more serious and lighter on laughs than expected.  Pretty okay.  
negative	NIGHT OF THE DEMONS (2009) - Lots of eye candy and gory schlock, but little new in this update of the 1988 original.  Faithful remake. 
positive	PREDATORS - Borrowing liberally from the original, this update is more of a pure sequel than Predator 2. and far superior to AvP 1&2. 
positive	BATMAN: UNDER THE RED HOOD - Dark, sinister, action packed DC comic tale from the always solid WB Animation Team. No Mark Hamill, sadly. 
negative	MACGRUBER - Laugh out loud funny at times; woefully awful at others.  This lewd, raunchy, uneven SNL spinoff comedy isn't for everyone. 
positive	SOLITARY MAN - Michael Douglas delivers an impeccable performance, but it isn't quite enough to raise this drama from good to great. 
positive	HATCHET 2 - Average story and dialogue enhanced by some of the most epically graphic, gory screen kills in slasher movie history. GOLD! 
negative	THE KILLER INSIDE ME - Soulless, flat & unsatisfying, despite solid acting from Casey Affleck, Kate Hudson, Simon Baker & Bill Pullman. 
negative	NECROMENTIA - Low rent gory exploitation mashup of HELLRAISER, SAW and a touch of PAN'S LABYRINTH should make Clive Barker fans happy. 
positive	DEVIL - Well acted, well paced thriller about 6 seemingly unrelated people trapped in an elevator with the Prince of Darkness.  Solid! 
positive	ONDINE - Alicja Bachleda is a breath of fresh air in this romantic mystery drama about a fisherman who believes he's netted a mermaid. 
positive	THE EXPERIMENT - Biting, dark commentary on the uncontrollable, savage nature of 26 men locked in a prison experiment power struggle. 
positive	GOING THE DISTANCE - Refreshingly honest relationship comedy that's basically an Adam Sandler movie. without Adam Sandler.  Edgy fun. 
negative	KILLERS - As disappointing as DATE NIGHT when it comes to laughs, KILLERS is merely serviceable as both a comedy and as an action film. 
negative	DATE NIGHT - If you've seen the trailer, you've seen every funny part in the movie.  Disappointing comedy effort from a talented cast. 
positive	HARRY BROWN - Vigilante revenge drama reminiscent of GRAN TORINO, but set in England. Michael Caine's performance is powerful and edgy. 
negative	ABANDONED - Solid mystery thriller for the first 65 minutes until the wheels fall off & this Brittany Murphy vehicle crashes and burns. 
positive	THE CRY OF THE OWL - Under the RADAR "makes you think" suspense thriller will leave you guessing and have you squirming in your seat. 
positive	DIARY OF A WIMPY KID - Having no attachment to the book, I got lots of laughs from this family friendly comedy romp.  Good, clean fun. 
positive	REPO MEN - Visceral, gory Sci-Fi actioner has a great (if absurd) premise and a lot of style.  Mindless run and gun beat 'em up fun! 
positive	SURVIVAL OF THE DEAD - Romero's "dead" saga still has some life in it as this dark, ironic Zombie satire has a few tricks up its sleeve. 
positive	THE LAST EXORCISM - Intense like PARANORMAL ACTIVITY, but with better acting and better camera work.  Didn't really care for the ending. 
negative	$5 A DAY - File this Christopher Walken turkey away in the "comedy that wasn't very funny" category.  Valiant indy attempt that failed. 
negative	THE LAST SONG - Miley Cyrus's eyebrows deserve Academy Award consideration for their acting in this predictable, pedestrian chick flick. 
negative	COP OUT - By no means a great movie, this Bruce Willis / Tracy Morgan buddy cop flick delivered more laughs than expected.  Fun fluff. 
negative	COP OUT - By no means a great movie, this Bruce Willis / Tracy Morgan comedy managed to deliver more laughs than expected.  Fun fluff. 
positive	BURNING BRIGHT - "Trapped in a house with a tiger during a hurricane" is a plot line even SyFy wouldn't touch, but this movie has bite! 
negative	UNTHINKABLE - Vanilla OMG! AMERICAN TURNS TERRORIST thriller wastes a solid performance from Carrie-Anne Moss with a big cheater ending. 
positive	THE EXPENDABLES - Unapologetic, full throttle, ridiculously over the top 80's action makes up for minimalist story and dated direction. 
positive	RUSH: BEYOND THE LIGHTED STAGE - Insightful documentary chronicles the origins and full history of this influential Canadian rock group. 
positive	AFTER.LIFE - Haunting, thought provoking suspense thriller with fantastic performances from Ricci, Liam Neeson and Justin Long.  Wow! 
negative	DON'T LOOK UP - (The other) Brian Cox's remake of the Japanese Joyû-rei is creepy at times, yet meandering, confusing and low on scares. 
negative	HOT TUB TIME MACHINE - As silly as the name suggests, but not as funny as it could have been. Great soundtrack. Crude, mindless schlock. 
positive	INCEPTION - Christopher Nolan's labor of love comes to fruition beautifully in this superb, thought provoking "Thinking Man's MATRIX." 
positive	BABYSITTER WANTED - Genuinely creepy DVD horror gem with a talented young cast. Delivers effective, old school chills - with a twist. 
negative	THE STRANGER - You may watch "Cuz Stone Cold said so," but probably not because I did.  Below average actioner with shoddy camera work. 
positive	CHLOE - Fatal Attraction inspired dark suspense drama features a solid performance from Julianne Moore.  I wasn't a fan of the ending. 
negative	THE 41-YEAR OLD VIRGIN WHO KNOCKED UP SARAH MARSHALL AND FELT SUPERBAD ABOUT IT - More gross-out than comedy in this gross-out comedy. 
negative	THE BOUNTY HUNTER - By-the-numbers romantic comedy that fails to get the most out of its talented cast. Laughs are few and far between. 
positive	PREDATORS - Borrowing liberally from the original, this update is more of a pure sequel than Predator 2. and far superior to AvP 1&2. 
positive	THE TOOTH FAIRY - The Rock is rock solid in this funny, heartwarming family comedy with something for everyone - kids and adults alike. 
negative	WHEN IN ROME - Pedestrian script lacking in laughs and little chemistry between the two leads makes for an ineffective romantic comedy. 
positive	THE CRAZIES (2010) - Straightforward, but surprisingly effective outbreak thriller with solid acting, great tension and plenty of gore. 
negative	TRANSLYMANIA - Promising premise and a talented young cast are wasted by this poorly executed, badly edited comedy's slapdash script. 
positive	YOUTH IN REVOLT - Michael Cera tackles good guy/bad guy roles simultaneously (and hilariously) in this fun, spirited romantic comedy. 
positive	THE WOLFMAN - Great production design combines with solid performances from Del Toro & Anthony Hopkins to make this an enjoyable update. 
positive	SHUTTER ISLAND - DiCaprio is solid in this superb Scorcese mindbender.  You'll need to watch this one more than once to soak it all in. 
negative	JONAH HEX - Josh Brolin is great, but the rest of the acting is suspect at best. Generic, over the top plot. Average, but entertaining. 
positive	SHE'S OUT OF MY LEAGUE - Not always laugh-out-loud funny, but definitely worth some big smiles throughout. Solid romantic comedy effort. 
positive	FROM PARIS WITH LOVE - A surprisingly fun action extravaganza!  It's so exciting for the first 70 minutes, the end actually falls flat. 
negative	THIRST - Great man vs. nature premise ruined by iffy acting, laughable dialogue and a character who's "almost a doctor."  It's a mirage. 
negative	THE COLLECTOR - Despite the "Hey, wait a minute. " plot timeline, this Saw-inspired gore fest still offers a few thrills and chills. 
positive	THE A-TEAM - Lots of action.  Fun dialogue.  True to the spirit of the source material. You'll love it when this plan comes together!  
positive	NEVER SLEEP AGAIN - Amazingly comprehensive documentary chronicles the Nightmare on Elm Street legacy from 1984 - 2008. Fan - Tastic! 
positive	EDGE OF DARKNESS - Despite the distracting Baah-Sten accent, Gibson's revenge thriller is just as tense as "Taken," yet more believable. 
negative	DEAR JOHN - I hope this letter finds you have avoided this movie.  Vanilla tearjerker starts out promisingly, then deteriorates fast.  
negative	CORNERED! - Predictable low budget slasher fare with so-so acting and a couple of nice kills for the gore hounds.  For genre fans only. 
negative	IT'S COMPLICATED - It's actually not.  Straightforward, twist free dramedy romance will be lost on anyone under 30 & the never married. 
negative	MYSTERY TEAM - One trick comedy pony is funny for the first hour, then breaks a leg & should be shot and sent off to the glue factory. 
negative	THE ROAD - Grim, dark and brooding.  A slow paced rendition of McCarthy's Pulitzer Prize winning apocalypse novel.  Quite depressing.  
negative	EXTRAORDINARY MEASURES - Sappy Box Office flop would be better suited as a Lifetime TV For Women Movie of the Week.  Feelgood schlock. 
positive	THE NEW DAUGHTER - Kevin Costner is solid and understated in this tense, creepy chiller. Slow in spots, but definitely worth a rental. 
positive	BIG FAN - Patton Oswalt gives a quirky, troubled performance as a New York Giants fan attacked by his favorite player. Dark comedy gold. 
positive	DAYBREAKERS - Overpopulation is an interesting twist to the vampire mythos in this slick but underachieving sci-fi actioner.  Decent. 
negative	ROBIN HOOD (2010) - Scott's "Gladiator 2" shines for two hours before wheels fall off and it becomes Saving Private Ryan with longbows. 
negative	LEGION - Disjointed mishmash of a Romero "dead" film and The Terminator where Heaven's Angels are the Zombies and Gabriel is Ah-Nold. 
positive	KICK-ASS - Nicholas Cage is awesome and the young cast really shines in this ultra-violent, mostly kick ass comedy. Funny and touching. 
positive	IRON MAN 2 - Worthy follow up for the Golden Avenger kicks off the summer blockbuster season in style.  P.S.  Stay through the credits. 
negative	NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET (2010) - Should be called "Jump Scare on Elm Street."  Mindless, soulless, unnecessary, non-scary remake.  Why? 
negative	THE DESCENT PART 2 - Gory sequel has jump scares aplenty and surprises for fans, but is bogged down by weak script and dumb characters. 
positive	CLASH OF THE TITANS - Good looking film with great visuals & action sequences, but a fairly soulless script. Overall very entertaining. 
positive	JUSTICE LEAGUE: CRISIS ON TWO EARTHS - Solid animated D.C. effort, despite distracting voice work from James Woods and Mark Harmon. 
positive	OPEN GRAVES - Final Destination inspired meat and potatoes horror has some cringe inducing gore effects, but little else.  Pretty good. 
positive	ACROSS THE HALL - Deliberately paced (slow) suspense yarn takes a while to get going, but the payoff is worth it.  Nice direction, too. 
negative	DOLAN'S CADILLAC - Christian Slater is ridiculously over the top in this barely serviceable Stephen King short story inspired thriller. 
positive	WHITEOUT - Kate Beckinsdale in the shower? 
positive	INGLORIOUS BASTERDS - If you like Tarantino's other work, you'll enjoy this. I did.  If you don't, this film won't change your mind. 
positive	PANDORUM - Great production design is the highlight of this mostly engaging Sci-Fi actioner. Questionable plot.  Interesting twists. 
positive	THE PRINCESS & THE FROG - A step up from Disney's straight to video sequels, but not quite enough to be considered a classic. Still fun. 
positive	PLANET 51 - Another "good but not great" animated film, this Sci-Fi comedy romp lags behind its Pixar, Disney & DreamWorks brethren.  
positive	JULIE & JULIA - Amy Adams is charming and Meryl Streep shines as Julia Child in this dramatic comedy biopic. Historically fascinating. 
positive	SHERLOCK HOLMES - Charismatic efforts from Downey Jr. and Law. Great costumes and atmosphere. A fun ride? Elementary, my dear Watson! 
negative	THE GRAVES - It says "8 Films To Die For," but you can live without this one.  Talented actresses wasted on bad script, worse direction. 
negative	JENNIFER'S BODY - Sometimes creepy, sometimes laughably awful, this hit-and-miss Megan Fox horror/black comedy mash-up is mostly miss.  
negative	THE FINAL DESTINATION - Pedestrian, pointless 3D take on the gory, Rube Goldberg inspired death-cheating series. Original 3 are better. 
positive	PLANET HULK - This surprisingly violent animated adventure is far superior to its predecessors: Hulk vs. Wolverine and Hulk vs. Thor. 
positive	PANDORUM - Atmospheric Sci-Fi/Mystery/Horror blend is shaky at times, but keeps you guessing until the end.  Worth a look.  
positive	ASTRO BOY - Entertaining animated Sci-Fi adventure good for some action packed fun. Good, but not great. Your kids will love it. 
positive	THE PRINCESS AND THE FROG - A step above Disney's straight-to-DVD animated sequels, but not quite worthy of their pantheon of classics. 
negative	NINE DEAD - Bland acting and a ridiculous, unsatisfying ending (Whaaat?) detract from this mostly solid, SAW-inspired kidnap thriller. 
positive	THE FOURTH KIND - This alien abduction film failed to "capture" wide critical praise, but it remains a scary, effective "E.T." thriller. 
positive	THE BLIND SIDE - Uplifting true(ish) story earned Sandra Bullock an Oscar.  Touching, but not watered down to the point of sappiness. 
positive	THE INFORMANT! - Matt Damon tries his best to carry this dry, satirical tale of a high profile corporate snitch and (mostly) succeeds. 
positive	UP IN THE AIR - Clooney delivers a smooth, vulnerable performance in this critical darling Dramedy (which came up empty at the Oscars). 
positive	PRECIOUS - Emotionally charged, gripping and inspirational.  This movie will stay with you long after the credits roll.  Brutal. 
negative	HALLOWEEN 2 - Disjointed sequel adds little to a Michael Myers mythos already destroyed in Rob Zombie's original, gory remake. Crap. 
negative	THE BOX - This creepy, but longwinded and meandering film adaptation of Richard Matheson's short story "Button, Button" misses the mark. 
positive	CABIN FEVER 2 - Mildly entertaining sequel pales in comparison to the original, but is still enjoyable for genre fans. Cheap, gory fun. 
positive	THE HURT LOCKER - A gritty, tense, gut wrenching tour de force.  Kathryn Bigelow's masterful military drama should earn her Oscar gold. 
negative	2012 - An insurance company would write off this car wreck as a total loss and so should you. Laughable, barely watchable FX showpiece.  
positive	MOON - Great performance by Sam Rockwell. Looks amazing on Blu-Ray. Easily one of the best Sci-Fi movies of the past 10 years. Solid. 
negative	UNIVERSAL SOLDIER: REGENERATION - Clunky, plodding 80's throwback actioner.  Great sets. Respectable fight scenes. Average shoot-em-up. 
positive	TRIANGLE - Creepy, atmospheric thriller.  Tense and thought provoking.  Melissa George shines!  A pleasant, suspenseful DVD surprise.  
negative	SORORITY ROW - Clunky beginning + decent "whodunit" middle + ridiculous end = below average slasher. Bloody fun for genre fans only. 
positive	BLACK DYNAMITE - Hilarious, edgy & laugh-out-loud funny! Fantastic homage to the Blaxploitation films of the 70's. Highly recommended!  
positive	LAW ABIDING CITIZEN - Brutal violence. Tense in spots. Butler and Foxx are solid. Interesting plot with questionable ending. SAW Lite. 
negative	COUPLES RETREAT - Uneven. Short on laughs. Whole does not equal sum of the parts. Strong cast makes it mostly watchable, yet uninspired. 
negative	AVATAR - Dazzling CG F/X can't lift a weak story and wooden acting enough to call Cameron's blockbuster a "great" movie. Just average. 
negative	THE STEPFATHER - Slow paced, uninspired remake. Light on tension & scares like most PG-13 horror. Dumb, unlikeable characters. Pass. 
positive	THE BOOK OF ELI - Religious elements of this grim, post-apocalyptic tale will divide audiences. Stylish & violent. Oldman is superb. 
positive	ZOMBIELAND - Clever, stylish and funny. Brilliant opening sequence. Likable characters. Solid Zombie-dy destined to be a cult classic. 
positive	PARANORMAL ACTIVITY - Creepy, effective and believable indy horror/suspense film. Worldwide acclaim and buzz is well deserved. Boo!  
positive	The Dark Knight - Comicbook movie or not this is film at it's finest. Ledger shines in a sweeping, masterful movie of staggering artistry. 
positive 	Batman Begins - Christopher Nolan reboots the franchise and breathes new life into an icon. Bale is wonderful. Visually superb. Fantastic. 
negative 	Batman & Robin - How the mighty have fallen. Schumacher brings the franchise to an shuddering halt. No saving graces, everyone is rubbish. 
positive 	Batman Forever - Garishly  bright. Carrey is remarkably solid as Riddler, while Kilmer's brooding suits Bruce's tortured soul. Underrated. 
positive	Batman Returns - Brings the focus to Bruce Wayne/Batman and is all the better for it. Deeply darker and closest to the tone of the comics. 
positive	Batman - Burton goes Gotham gothic, Keaton goes dark while Nicholson goes cuckoo and cinema rejoices. Bleak, but breathtakingly brilliant. 
positive 	Batman: The Movie - More of a slapstick comedy than an action flick. Adam West revels in the role he defined. Cheesy but madcap good fun. 
negative	Spider-Man 3 - Three is not the magic number. Bloated and leaden. Emo spidey is rubbish. Venom wasted. Action packed but lacking. Average. 
positive 	Spider-Man 2 - Just when you thought they couldn't top the first here comes Doc Ock. The subway brawl is the stand-out sequence. Glorious. 
positive	Spider-Man - Spidey slings, swings, spins and soars spectacularly in Sams superb showstopper. Excellent casting all-round. Simply special. 
negative 	Alien Resurrection - A shoddy script lets down another good director. Surprising considering Joss Whedon was involved. Simply unnecessary. 
negative	Alien3 - David Fincher is great (see Fight Club & Se7en). This isn't. Shame really, it had potential but internal politics got in the way. 
positive	Aliens - Cameron knows how to do excellent sequels (see T2). By dialling down the horror and ramping up the action he improves a classic. 
positive 	Alien - Ridley Scott creates an adult, deeply dark and genre-defining piece of cinema. Essential viewing for horror and sci-fi fans alike. 
negative	Angels and Demons - Despite being infinitely more cinematic than the DaVinci Code this again fails in the translation from text to screen. 
positive	Coraline - @neilhimself is a genius. Henry Selick is a stop-motion master. The combination is a truly marvellous, yet scary, fantasy film. 
positive	 Star Trek : Best film of the year. Exactly the right ingredients for a blockbuster. Karl Urban's Bones is wonderful.
positive	I Love You Man - Clever take on the buddy comedy from the Apatow stable. Great screen chemistry between Rudd & Segel. Highly recommended.
positive	State of Play -  Solid acting, a smart script and good pacing contribute to making a worthy remake of a seminal British TV show. Laudable.
positive	Star Trek - The rebirth is as bold, breathtaking, beautiful and brilliant as anyone could have hoped for. A modern masterpiece of sci-fi. 
positive	Monsters vs Aliens - Cool 3D effects allow solid homage to the B-movies that provided inspiration. Recommended for kids and adults alike. 
negative	Obsessed - Bland, boring and unnecessary. If women stalkers are your thing rent Fatal Attraction instead. Save your time and money. Avoid. 
positive	17 Again - Zac Efron sparkles in a pretty decent reverse Big flick. Smarter and funnier than it has right to be, considering. Recommended. 
negative 	Ghosts of Girlfriends Past - Unsurprisingly bad comedy from the king of unsurprisingly bad comedies Matthew McConaughey. Cliched and dull. 
negative	X-Men Origins-Wolverine: Disappointing prequel from Fox. Clunky dialogue and miscasting abound. Ryan Reynolds' underused. Must do better. 